foodval.com - stop by if you're interested in the nutritional composition of food  --- 
        ♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪And done.Oh, honey...it's perfect.Your work keeps getting better.I'm not as good as Matisse.Well, not yet.[laughing]Can we see it?



Sure.[gasps]Oh... how lovely![chuckling]You made it looklike Mortimer was smiling.He was smiling.You're right.[chuckles]You're amazing,do you know that?Thank you.I'm happy you like it.You can pay me onlineon my website.Sure.I can do that now,if you'd liketo help me with it?



- Okay.- Kay.All right, sweetie.Oh, would you look at that?Who knew such beautiful workcould be done by a...by, you know,someone like...My daughter?Like... your daughter'stype of people.[chuckles awkwardly]My daughter's type of peopleare capable of even morethat you can imagine.And Kendall prefersto be talked withinstead of talked about.Unless you wantto talk to about sports.So boring.[laughing]When you twist your facelike that,you kind of look like a Picasso.But I really like Picasso.[chuckling]Me too.♪ ♪Picasso, huh?So, what do you think,ice cream, is ita rocky road kind of day, or...?No way. Butter pecan.Butter pecan? Again?♪ ♪Where are all your spoons,honey?Mom put them on the wall.Oh. [laughs]I'd be annoyedif I wasn't so impressed.Mom, don't forgetto bring the check today.The last installmenton her cooking class is due.And tomorrow's our banquet.Did you work everything outwith Sarah?Yeah. She's making the meatballsand I'm making the sauce.Good for you.- Is this it?- Uh, no.That is for Kendall'spainting account.I have $2,000.Not that you'll be allowedto use any of it.I can't handle mumblingin the morning.Oh, fine.I'll mumble aboutyour daughter's independenceat dusk.Grandma's funny.I know.She should do stand-up.Oh, there's an idea.I'm gonna go get my phone.Ohh. Here it is.Okay.You know, Todd should really bepaying more support.Mom, please don't bring him up.Oh, so we should give him creditfor paying as little as he couldfor as short a time as he did?It's guilt money.Easier to spend money than time.Anyway... it doesn't matter,because we have a plan.Don't we, K?Yep.Mom's gonna ask for a promotion.[gasps]That's great, honey!Thank you.But you know what?Don't throw any parties,because Amy wants a portfolio,and, currently, I have squat.Invite her overand show her the wind chimesmade out of bottle caps.[chuckles] You know what?We drank a lot of seltzerthat weekend, didn't we, K?And burped a lot.And burped a lot.You really areso talented, honey.You deserve this.Thanks, Mom.Mom's like H.A. Schult.He makes art out of trash.Thank you, honey.I think.And, uh, thank you, Mom,for doing all of this,because I know it's not exactlyhow you wantedto spend your retirement.This is exactlyhow I wanted to spendmy so-called golden years.Plus, if there's timefor a promotion,maybe there's time for a date.[chuckles dryly]That is my cue.Honey, let's have a hug.Oh... wow.You're wearing lipstick.It looks good.Thanks, Mom.Okay.Bye, honey.Bye.♪ ♪Hi, Luke.[hushed] Hey, hey, hey.Have you talked to Amy yet?No, she's been busy all morning.Well, she's, she's right there.- I know, but she probably...- Go on. Go talk to her.Okay. Okay.Um, Amy?Amy. Amy!Uh, d-did you read the emailon the Gillman proposal?I did. Thanks, Emma.The numbers look good.Great. That's great.Everything okay?Yeah, why wouldn't... it be?Of course. W-well,I'm following you around,I guess. That's why.Listen, um, I don't knowif you knew this,but my mother retired recently,and she's been ableto take my daughterto all her appointmentsand her classes.I was wondering.I noticed you've beendoing some overtime lately.Yeah, it's really takenthe pressure off.I mean, not thattaking care of Kendallis kind any of a pressureor anything like that.I mean, she's grown so muchover the last few years,I barely even recognize her.Anyway, the point is...my circumstances have changed,and I know that Emilyis leaving in a few months,and I would liketo be consideredfor the senior designerposition.Sorry, I mean,I mean, I'm-I'm genuinelysurprised, Emma.Well, you and me both.So...you been working on a portfolio?I-I have, yes, yes,and I will show you somethingvery soon.Fantastic.It's rare to seea woman of your agereally hold on to that vitality,you know?I'm rooting for you!Thanks, Amy!Okay, whoa.D-did she seriously just say"a woman of your age"?- I think so.- Okay.I may have passed outfor a moment.No, that's good.We're good, we're good.- This is good!- Is it?Yeah, no, this is good.- I can feel it.- Doesn't feel good.This is your time, Em.You're gonna makesenior designer,and then, on top of that,you're gonna meet someone.You know why?My love radar is blastingright now!Let's put a pin in that,and I am going to surpriseKendall in her class.- I love that- Yep. Yep.- Em! Em? Hey, Em!- Uh-huh?This is your time.- Oh, it's my time.- It's your time!- It's my time.- Yes!Excuse me.Ah, what a nice surprise.Hi, Janie. Hi, James.Did class finish early?We made spaghetti.It was pretty good.Not delicious.But it was good.Well, that is high praise,coming from you, James.I think it's greatthat you've beenletting your mom bringKendall in, by the way.Yeah, I've been tryingto loosen the reins a bit.Hey, Kendall's Mom.Hi, Sarah.Kendall made me make meatballs.And you did a great job.Don't like the way they feel.Sticky.They are sticky!Anyways,you just missed Kendall.She stepped outside.They stepped outside.Yeah, yeah... they did.Okay, guys, no teasing.They just can't help themselves.I'm, I'm sorry.Where is she, exactly?Uh... she's right over there.[Emma] Who is that?That's Brad.Kendall's boyfriend.What?Yeah... boyfriend?Yuck!♪ ♪[gasps] Oh.Wow.Ooh... kissy-kissy.Oh, Emma.I thought you knew.I just assumed your mother...You never assume anythingabout my mother.♪ ♪And then, Bradjoined the class six weeks ago,and we liked each otherright away.Oh, but, honey, how aboutif you just...you know maybe you could try tobe friends for a little while?We are friends.I know, I know, but what if...Monet had a girlfriendand he still painted.So why am I in trouble?Oh, honey,you're not in trouble.You're not,but I am.Maybe.I just think it wouldhave been really niceif Grandma had mentionedthat you like someone.Really like someone.I really, really like Brad.I really like him, too.But he's my boyfriend, Grandma.I'll remember that.What do you likeabout Brad, honey?So many things.He's really funny.He's also really kind to me.Brad's the nicest personI've ever known.♪ ♪[phone ringing]It's Brad.Can I answer it?Sure, honey, go ahead.Hi, Brad!I miss you too.22 years.Oh, here we go.Yes! Here we go.22 years,I managed to avoid this.You've got her for three months,and she's making outin a parking lot?- You call that "making out"?- Yeah.Oh, you really do need a date.- [chuckles dryly]- Darling...Kendall is an adult.Oh, come on, Mom.She made it throughthe arts program.She has a jobthat she's passionate about.She's computer-savvy.She is more organized than I am,and, as of today,she makesa darn fine pasta sauce.What more do you want?I want my daughter safe,emotionally and physically.It's my job!Romantic relationshipsare difficult enough for anyone,let alone two kidswith disabilities."Challenges."Okay, you know what?Don't lecture meon the correct terminology.Can I have those pliers, please?You can't judgeevery relationshipby what happened with Todd.I don't.I judge it by what happenedwith Peterand the doctor.Oh, I liked the doctor.And by the relationshipJames' mom hadwith that hunky fireman, and...They are notrunning away to Vegas.They just want to holdeach other's handand call each other"boyfriend" and "girlfriend."Okay, Mom.I appreciate you being here.You're not firing me.No, I'm not firing you!I just...I'm trying to tell youwhat it's like for me,and I just...it's...it's my responsibility, okay?It's my responsibilityto look out forany potential disasterin Kendall's lifeand then stop themfrom happening.Remember the community pool?Oh, come on, Mom.This is like the community pool.Oh, I don't see the connection.You were terrifiedto take her to that pool.Yes.And you took your eyes off herfor one second.She disappeared.And just beforewe were gonna call the police,Kendall walks outof the men's room with that"what are you allgoing crazy for?" face.She had to go to the bathroom,and that was the closest one.She was fine.We were the ones going crazy.[sighs sympathetically]The banquet is tomorrow night.Mm-hmm.And you'll get a chanceto spend some time with Brad,and see them together.Don't make a decisionuntil then.Okay.- Okay.- [sighing]Well, you took a risk,telling that pool story.Oh, I know, I wasn't sureI could land that plane.[both laughing]I like Brad so much.How will I know when I love him?Grandma?♪ ♪- Please enjoy.- Yeah, go ahead.Not bad.What does his T-shirt say?"The homiewith the extra chromie."- [laughing]- That's actually not bad.[both laughing]He works part-timeat a T-shirt shop.Really? A job-job?- Mm-hmm.- Like, with responsibility?You've got questions, ask him.[Emma] Okay.Mom.Hi, honey.This is Brad.He's awesome.This is my mom.She's awesome, too.Hi, Brad!- Hey.- Oh! You're a hugger.[she chuckles]That one was for "hello."Okay.Wow! I...You are a good hugger.[laughter]Now, that oneis for your sweet, loving,gorgeous, magnificent daughter.You know, and nowI've gotta hug you, okay?Thank you for that.So...what about you?Did you bring any family hereto the dinner?I don't have any.I... I am so sorry, Brad.That must be very difficult.That's okay.I have a brotherfrom another mother...Oh?- Nic.- Yo?Please come here.Oh, just one sec. Hey![mutters] Don't even...Pshew!Yeah![laughing]And there he goes.[Janie] Family, friends,could you alltake your seats now?The students are readyto serve you dinner.- Ooh!- Mom, Grandma.Sit with Nic.I will be your server.Oh, we're so lucky.- Okay.- Okay, honey.Uh, after you.Thank you.♪ ♪[hushed]What are you doing, Mom?Nothing.I am Kendall's mom, Emma.This is my mom, Bev,who apparently lovesplaying musical chairs.Hi.Hi. Well, it isa great icebreaker,although I'm more ofa "Duck-Duck-Goose" man, myself.[laughter]It's a pleasure to meet you.Mm-hmm.Both. Nice to meet you.♪ ♪And so, yeah, his parentswere friends with my family,and after the accident,he was kind of on his own.That's literallymy worst nightmare.It was rough,but he's as resilientas anyone I know.And he does really well.He's in the group home,he's got a part-time gigat the T-shirt shop,and he's a masterof the bus maps.And apparently, he has you.Actually, we have each other,really.And my whole extended familyhas really taken him in,and we get togethera few times a month,and we do movies,and, you know, do dinner.And so, no one at home mindsthat you're outall those nights?Mom, please.If I am away formore than three nights a week,my Roomba startszipping around the house,knocking down chairs.[laughter]Coincidence? I think not.Well... the kidsdid a good job.They did, yeah.It's simple... tasty."Simple"? I can't evenmake a grilled cheese.No, I'm serious!I've got a loyalty cardto the Cheesemobile.I'm there, like,three days a week.It's in the arts district.- District. Yes!- Oh, my goodness.The grilled macaroni and cheesewith bacon?Wait. Have you had itwith jalapeños?- No!- Oh, you should, it's so good.Trust me. Do it.Okay.Sounds... ♪ spicy ♪Oh... look![Nic] He really doeshave the biggest heartof anyone I know.Seems sweet.So... do you thinkthat they could move beyondthe "just best friends"?Do you thinkthey could be dating?Did she ask you to ask me?I mean, am I being set up here?Poor kid.She actually thinks thatyou value your mother's opinion.[laughing]Well, what about if they justdid chaperoned dates?Could that work?♪ ♪Mom, please?[sighs]Yes.She said yes!♪ ♪She looks so happy.She does.♪ ♪[Emma] Could they walkany slower?I think they are extendingtheir first datefor as long as possible.That was fun.- It was fun.- Yeah.Okay, so, love is love,but I am notgonna miss my shows.I'm just gonna"chaperone" them along.- Oh, okay.- Good idea.[she sighs]Well, um, this is me.Right. This is me.Oh."Martin Estates"?Are you like a landlordor something?No, I am a developer.Mostly condos and apartments,but my latest developmentis actually really cool.If you do say so yourself.- I do, actually.- Mm.And Brad helped inspire it.- Really?- Yeah.It's an intentional communityfor adultswith different challenges.You know, so community support,housing, medical staff.Wow.So, there'd be jobs too?Well, that's the plan.You know, live, work, play.You should come by sometime.Like, check it out.That would be great.I'd love to check you...it, uh...the development... out.Right.Um, okay, then.Oh, here. Here.I'll be here. You can...check me out.Oh, great. That's great.Great.Hey, everyone!Brad, it was so lovelyto meet you tonight. Oh!Oh, so nice to meet you too.[all chuckling]Group hug!Okay! [laughing]You did so well today.Yeah.♪ ♪It's so big.Yeah, well, the towersare for private residences,but down here's whereI'm planningthe intentional community.Right, right and when they'reready for more independence,they can...[inhales sharply] Wow!I just...just got the jalapeño.Yup! And they're good, right?It is good!Thank you for this,- Of course.- sandwich.You're coming for lunch,I wanted to make sureyou got lunch.Yeah.But, yeah, so,people who can managemore independence...Right.We have these townhomes.They're pretty largefor one person.Well, no, I mean,it would be for roommates,or, potentially, couples.Hmm.Yeah. And then there'd also bea community center, you know,with offices for on-site staffand a community connector...Nic, this is amazing.I saw this need in Brad, and...It's not just for Brad, though.Can you imagine how manyfamilies would be so gratefulfor a community like this,whose kids need morethan they have to offer,or who are just too advancedto be stuck at home?Like Kendall?Oh, no, no, no. She's got me,but there are so many peoplewho need this, Nic! You rock!Oh! Ow!Oh, sorry, I get excited.No, I need peopleto be excited, you know?I mean, maybe not"punch me" excited,but it's... it's great.- Yeah.- Yeah.I'm just really tryingto keep it affordable,so people can-can payaccording to their abilities,but I do need investorsto put some money up soon,because, yeah uh,not-for-profit communitiesactually live up to their name.They're not very profitable.So then, why do it?I mean, why you?Because of Brad.Oh.Well, do you, um,have a-a show home, or a...?Almost, yeah.- Almost. "Almost"?- Yeah.Yeah, it's just not quiteready to show yet.Why not?I'll show ya.Okay.Well, it certainlyprovides a blank canvasfor peopleto use their imaginations on.Yeah. I know, it's just...I've been really focusedon financing,and I just got distracted,but I got a bunch of furnishingsdown at the Kaley development.I'm gonna bring them outand set it up. It'll be good.Do you thinkthat's right for this home?What do you mean?Well, young people today havea real sense of personal style.I mean, Kendall has a Pinterestboard for everything,and-and they just want to havesomething that speaks to them,and it...is that a plastic plant?Yep.Yeah, so that has to go.- Oh...- And then what you wantmaybe is, um,some zero-maintenance succulentson a, on a sideboard,that's made fromsome upcycled wooden planks,and then you make surethat the spaceis really nostalgicand light and youthful and fun,and... am I talking too much?You are not talking too much.Just don't hit me again.I actually love it.You know what?I'm getting advice froma real interior designer.Well, assistant,who aspires to be a designer.Right.In fact...if you provide the materials,then I can do my thing.Oh...I'm not gonna let youdo it for free, so...No! No, no, no.It would actually help me,because I can use itas my real-life portfolio,and... [sighs]I really believe in this place.I want to help.All right. Deal.Deal.All right.Okay. First task. Go.This, this, we're gonnadonate Mr. Plastic Plant, okay?- Okay.- Recycling bin.Okay.How do I look?You look beautiful.So beautiful.You know what?While we waitfor Brad to get here,let's decidewhat we want to see first.- Mom.- Yes?It's a date.It's for two people, not three.No, I'm gonnabe chaperoning you.From out here.Kendall!Hey, Brad!Hey!Um...[sotto voce] Mom. Go.Oh. Right. Okay. All right.[Nic] Hey. How's it going?Oh, Nic. Hey.I didn't expect to see you here.Oh, just thoughtI'd drop off Brad, you know,so he's not late for the date.That was very thoughtful of you.Ah.I'm so excited.Me too!Mom.We're going inside.But I just...Two, not three.You can text me.Help me, please.Uh, well... we couldshadow-chaperone them,and just, you know,keep an eye on them?Yeah. Good idea.- All right.- Yeah.♪ ♪This painter went to the gardenwhere Monet painted.I want to do that.It's beautiful.Just like you.Stop it.Look at the painting.But I wantto look at you, though.I'm serious, Brad.Look.Pretty.Tell me about it.It feels likesomeone should live there.Totally.I want to have a gardenjust like that.Me too.♪ ♪[Emma sighs]I texted themto see if they were hungry.No response.Maybe we should just go backand just check in person,because Kendall forgets to eatsometimes.You know what? I think they'llcome out when they're ready.- I don't know...- Three words,fontina, brie, cheddar.Oh, and don't forgetI also got the nacho fries.- Are you kidding me?- I'm not.- I love these!- You do?I do.I like the waythis painting makes me feel,like he's gonna cross the bridgeand find new things.New things can happen.Yeah. That's good.♪ ♪So, he left a couple of monthsafter she was born,which is, unfortunately,quite typical.Not to be sexist, but...Men are the worst?That's where you're supposedto say "not all men."Oh, okay. Not all men.Just the one that I marriedand the ones I've dated,and I wouldn't saythat they're the worst,it's just that they havea hard time sticking around,especiallywhen things get tough.- Yeah.- I'm sorry.And you?Oh, well, she left, too,after only six years,which I know is not nothing,but in my family,that's like six minutes.Everybody has been marriedfor forever.That's a lot of pressure.Sorry. Didn't mean to turn thisinto a therapy session.Are you kidding me?Two seconds ago,I threw your entire genderunder the bus.I think I might havea little bit of baggage myself.We're quite the pair, huh?Mm-hmm.- I'm just gonna text Kendall.- Yeah, maybe just...just see.♪ ♪♪ ♪[text alert chimes][Emma chuckles][laughing][Kendall] No, no, no,no, no, no, no.Oh, honey, what is it?Mr. Sawyer canceled.I have all my paints and brushesand he's not coming.Okay, okay, just...It's not fair.I was gonna use that moneyfor Brad's birthday present.Honey, honey,remember what we do.It's not fair, Mom.It's gonna be fine.Oh, no.We do what we always do.We breathe...and you're gonna take this,right, and you're gonna squeeze,squeeze hard.[panting hard]And you focus on me.- No, no, no.- Honey, you got to calm down.Just breathe. Breathe.But, but...Okay, calm down, calm down.Calm down. Calm down.Deep breaths.[exhaling deeply]I've got you.We're gonna figurethis thing out, okay?Are you all right now?- Yeah.- Yeah?But, Mom?What, honey?I have all my paints.And my easel.And a new canvas!I know. I know...I have an idea.♪ ♪I feel like... is it betterwith the jacket off,or is that...I'll just do like...[Emma]What? Why are you doing that?No, that looks weird."The Thinker."I don't even... do I do that,or is it better to kind of,like, cross my arms,or sit forward, or...?No. Can you try to look...you know, not weird?[Emma snickers]What are you laughing at?I'd like to see yousit here and pose.Oh, no, no, no, no, no.I have posed enough for Kendall.She's tired of looking at me.No, that's a good idea, Mom.Go sit with him. Please?♪ ♪Okay.[Kendall] Maybe you canmake him look less weird.Can you guys sita little closer?You got a little something...Mm. Should we paint that?[laughing]This is amazing.Seriously, it's...this is beautiful,but, I mean...that's not how we were posed.I'm an artist, Nic.I paint what's really there.Right.Well, Kendall,you have a real gift.I hope you know that.Thank you.- Okay, how much do I owe you?- What?$50.- Okay.- No, honey, he did us a favor.No, I may have done you a favor,but I am gonna pay for it,because I want to keep it.So I'm gonna send you moneyright now, all right?Also, do you guys like parties?Cake? Dancing? Lasagna?Yes, yes... yes.And no.That's not bad. All right.You're gonna cometomorrow night,my grandparents are celebratingtheir 60th anniversary party,and they'll have burgers,so you can skip the lasagna.I think we would feel out ofplace at a family function.Yeah? Well, Brad'll be there.We're coming too. Right, Mom?Right, Mom? Come on.Please? Doesn't matter.I already sent youall the information,the address is there.Just wear something...festive.Whatever that means...to you, okay?And Kendall, seriously,who doesn't like lasagna?[laughing]♪ ♪[sighing]He paid me extra.Now I could put 50 in savingsand use the restfor Brad's birthday present.You constantly amaze me,Kendall.Brad says that too.[chuckles]Mom?Yeah?When you kiss Nic...do you open your mouth?What?Uh... no. No, honey.We don't kiss.We're just friends.And why are you even asking?Mom.Hey.Got some more quarters.Oh, thank you.But I think I'm gonna needmore quarters than this.Why?Because I need to winsomething extremely big,like, for Kendall,my girlfriend.Wow. So, things are reallyprogressing with you two?I mean...Yeah! I love her.Wow.What does, uh...I mean, do you knowwhat "love" means?I mean love.Like, real, true love.Don't you knowwhat, uh, love is?Yeah, no, of course,of course I do.I'm just... I just wantto make sure you know.I mean, love is...it's just a big deal, you know?It's not a...it's not a gooey word.It's when you trust someonewith your whole heart,and it also meansthat someone could...could hurt your hearta little, too.But Kendall would neverhurt my... hurt my heart.Like, ever.I...I need more quarters.[laughs]Okay.Well, I just want to make surethat you don't rush things.Nic.[deep breath]I knowthat you just gotyour heart broken...but don't worry.I'm here for you.Plus, my heartis too bigto break.You got that right, buddy.Then trust me, man.I got this!I do trust you.But do you need any helpwith Emma?[Nic laughs]I might need some helpwith Emma, yeah.Whoa! Check that out.You know what I thinkyou should do?I think you should gofor that ring,'cause I'll tell you right now,the one thing women love...jewelry.I'll go get some more quarters.Okay.♪ ♪[Emma] So, honey,are you excited?[Kendall] Yeah, are you?Well... do you thinkwe're overdressed?No.I'm only wearing one.Are you wearing two?No, honey, "overdressed"means that you're...- Mom.- What?I'm kidding.Of course you are.What was I thinking?- Don't be nervous, Mom.- All right.- It'll be fun.- Ready?[knocking]Hi, you guys!Hi, Nic. We came.Your dress is beautiful,Kendall.Hey, Brad, oh!There he is.Wow!Just wow.You really do look likeyou belong underneaththe Christmas tree.Thanks, Brad.You're welcome.I'm also wearingthe perfume you bought me.Do you want to smell it?Mm. Love that smell.Come on in.Hi.Your dress is beautiful.Oh, it's... it's not too much?You said festive.This is the closestI've got, so...It's not too much.You look very festive.- Come on in.- Okay.♪ ♪And I told her,"60 years with youhas felt like 60 days."Aww!Definitely feltlike 60 years to me.[laughter]Well, I am a handful.Hands fullof everything that's good.Well, I feelvery honored to be here,and I just, I thinkyou're both wonderful.Oh, funny.That's the word Nic usedto describe you, Emma,"wonderful."Yes, it is the word that I usedto describe her work,but she is also very wonderful.Yeah, oh...- excuse us.- Okay.Of course.Oh...Those are my grandparents.- They're so sweet.- Yeah.Hey-hey! Six-Pack!- Oh. Prepare yourself...- Six-Pack!- Okay.- for this one.There he is! Hey![chuckling]Uh, Emma.This is my cousin, Kyle.Kyle, this is Emma Grant.Emma is the designerthat I've hired to work.For zero-point-zero dollars,so we're kind of throwing aroundthe word "hired" loosely.Well, I'm going to pay herin grilled cheese sandwiches.[laughs]Uh, well, Nic and I are friends.New friends.We're trying to discoverwhat that friendship means.Here, now, publicly,in front of his entireextended family, so...Okay.You two need a minuteso you can getyour story straight?He's a funny guy.He's very funny.Also, Emma is Kendall's mom,and Kendall and Brad are dating.How cool is that?Brad's in love?Well, I wouldn'tquite call it "love."Why don't you tell a guy? Huh?[groans and chuckles]Where is he?Oh...Wow.What did I tell you?So..."Six-Pack," is it beer or abs?[grunting]What do you think?[both laughing]Sorry. It's, uh...it's actually, uh,neither of those things.Okay.So my grandparents havebeen married for 60 years,my parents for 42 years.My sister is celebratingher 18th,and Kyle's even beenmarried for 15 years,and we only made it, you know,six years, so...So, um, "Six-Pack."- So, Six-Pack.- Yeah.I guess that makes me, what?"Three and a Half Sheetsto the Wind"?I like that. Cheers.- Cheers.- [clink][spoon clinking on glass]May I have your attention?I want to thank you allfor coming to celebratethis beautiful occasion.Now, we wanted to throwmy grandparents a huge partyat a fancy hotelwith Jim Beampouring out of fountains,- but...- [laughter]Instead, they wantedto celebrate here,in their home,which is the perfect symbolof their 60 yearsof loyalty,laughter...And lust![laughter]Lust! Of course.But most importantly...love.Everyone...raise your glassto Henry and Rose,and cheers![all] Cheers!♪ ♪[sighing][Nic] Check it out.Oh, wow, it is beautiful.You know, I love these lights.There was one Christmasthat Kendall and Iput fairy lights on the wallin the shape of a tree.It's still our favoriteChristmas tree yet.Have you alwaysbeen so creative?I think I developedmy creativity musclewhen I had Kendall.I always wanted her to feel...loved and inspiredat home, you know?Well, you definitelyaccomplished that.Thank you.I hope so.Home is so important.Yeah.So...Hmm. Yeah?Hello... new friend.I'm sorry.Did I embarrass you?No. [chuckles]I liked that"Figuring out who we arepublicly" line.Really?Yeah.It's a little moreprivate out here.Yeah. It is.- [door opens]- Emma?Kendall needs you inside.[guests wait in silence]Kendall...Oh, my...You're the best personin the whole wide world,and I love you tons.Do you love me?I love you more than tons.Will you marry me?♪ ♪Yes.Yes, I will![laughter and applause]Guys, how exciting!I'm so proud of you!Hey. There you are.I've been looking for you.Yeah, well, you found me.How're you doing?How am I doing?I thinkthe jury's still out on that.Yeah, that was...definitely a surprise.Yeah. Bit of a surprise.[laughs] Yeah!Mom. Look at my shirt!Aw.Oh, wow. Honey,those are quite something.Show her the ring, too.Oh, yeah... look.Oh. Oh, honey...that is, that is beautiful.[quietly]Good job, buddy.Yeah. It was your idea.It was his idea!Uh... I mean,Come on, Kendall.Let's go and get our own toast.Cool.Yeah, we get our own toast.[forced chuckle]That's nice, honey.Uh...just...This was your idea?No. It was not my idea.He was playing the claw machine,he wanted to win somethingfor her,we started talkingabout love, I said,"Hey! You should getthat toy ring.Women love jewelry,"and next thing I know,he's here, proposing to her.I had no ideathat he had planned to do that.It's actually kind of incrediblethat he did that all on his own.Well, you know what would havebeen incredibleif somebody would've justspoken to me about it first,that's all, you know?- Yes. Yeah.- Yeah.He definitely should havementioned something beforehand,but spontaneityis kind of romantic.No. No, no, no.We don't do spontaneityin our life, okay?I can't just...improvise with Kendall.Unexpected events like thiscompletely throw her off.Okay, yeah.Now I can't missthe toast, I guess.No.♪ ♪Yeah, I want a candy tablelike Cousin Cheryl had.Mm-hmm. Yeah.Hello?- I'm in the kitchen!- Okay, bye.Oh... [sighs wearily]She texted me.I came over.Grandma!I'm getting married!Honey, congratulations.Oh!Grandma...I want to get marriedin a place like this...like somethingMonet would paint.Well, honey, I thinkit's gonna be wonderful.Right, Em?Yeah... uh, sweetie,I just can't even thinkabout the wedding right now.The big news of the engagementis just,it's enough for me tonight.I'm gonna go call Sarah.[Emma] Okay, honey.♪ ♪Do I need to put a littlesomething else in your mug?[exhales tensely]I can't believe it.Mom...I mean, I-I thought about this,like, 15 years ago,when adulthoodwas, like, a theoretical,but then, just, you know,the years go by,but then you just thinkthat couldn't,that wouldn't happen.- Because why not?- Well, I don't know.Let's start with the basics.Where are they gonna live?Am I gonna just gonna put Bradinto Kendall's room,and what are they going to doin that room?I mean, who's gonna talkto them about protection,and who's gonna make surethat they use it?And how is Kendallgoing to figure out lifeas a,I can't even say it.A wife?No, it's not gonna be easy.But you got to admit,she's grown a lot lately.Yeah.Yeah, yeah, she has, Mom,she's grown,but you and I both knowthat I still makeher schedule for her,I take her to her appointments,I still make sure there arethree bags of frozen nuggetsin the freezer at all times,and I'm not complaining,you know that.This has been my lifesince day one,to love and to protect her,but I cannotfeel her emotions for her.I-I can't feelher pain or her hurt,or her disappointment, I can't...What about love?Oh...Hmm?Honey, there is so much truthin what you're saying.And you have shielded herand cared for herand protected heragainst anythingthat could ever harm her,but you cannotprotect her from love.Now, think about it...do you really want to?♪ ♪Kendall?[sighs softly]♪ ♪[kissing]Oh, I want to be happyfor you, honey...I do.[takes a shaky breath]♪ ♪Luke, can yousend the partners a linkto Tanner Blake's portfolio?- Sure.- [mouths word][mouthing reply]So, how's yours coming along?[alert chimes]Excuse me, I just...It's a reminderto check on my daughterand my mother.I mean,not that I don't trust them,but I've been out of the loop,and I really needto get back in that loop again.You know how it iswhen you just...Ah. T.M.I.Sorry. I-I think,in fact, I know,that you will lovewhat I have to show you...about this project.It... [sighs][alert chimes]Are you sureyou have enough roomon your plate right now?You seem awfully...involved.No. He's nothing.It's just a client.The client!The one that I'm designingmy... his project.I'm designing his project.Oh, great.Great.Don't give me that judgey look.I'm not giving youa judgey look.And who's Tanner Blake?Of course she has to considerother candidatesfor the position,but I can tell youbut 20-something Tannerwith way too much hair gel,he's got nothing on you.Right.A lot of hair gel.- [laughs]- [alert chimes]Oh, no.Hmm?Well, my mom took Kendallto get her ring sized.Ring. Ring sized?Like, "ring" ring?From Brad?Yeah, I just...You know, I can't talk about itright now.Yeah, but this is... I mean,it's a good thing, right?I don't know. You know what?I'm gonna just, um...gonna head out early,gonna get Kendall.Sure.[grunts]Oh...That looks heavy, Mom.Ah, well, it is, a little.[beep]But you know what else is heavy?Relationships.Right? They can be very heavy,emotionally.Don't you think?I guess.Yeah, and so beforeyou get into a relationship,you need to try to figure outhow they work.Like marriage,marriage is the biggie.Oh, yeah.I can't waitto get married to Brad.He already booked the minister.We can get married next month.Wow! So soon.Okay, 'cause marriageis somethingthat you needto take your time with, right?And you and Brad, I think,you need to get to knoweach other a little bit more.There's so many thingsthat you can discoverabout each otherand about relationshipsbefore you get married.- Mom.- Yes?You're talking a lot.I know. I know.I just, I want you to...I want you to waitand take your timebefore you get married.I want you to have time for,for therapyand to-to get some support.Mom?What?Can we look? Please?♪ ♪You really want to?Yeah.♪ ♪Come on.These are all so pretty.They sure are beautiful, honey.Oh, and there's so many moreover there. Look.It's just like Cinderella.Yeah. Sure.[gasps] What?You thought you coulddo this without me?Oh... clever girl,texting Grandma.[chuckles][kissing]Well, here we are.Let's get started.♪ ♪Oh... just try this one.[women laughing]Oh![laughter]♪ ♪No. No.[sighing]♪ ♪I love it, Mom.[Emma] It's beautiful, honey.Can we get it?This is pricey,and needs to be ordered.It will takeat least six months to make.Maybe longer, for a...special size.[Emma] "Special size"?Excuse me.Can I speak to you,just for a moment?Hey. Hey.Hey, you okay?She's nasty.She is nasty.Brad would hug her.I don't want to hug her.Me neither.But I loved that dress.Do you love it too, Mom?I do.I do.You looked so beautiful.And you know what?Six months isn't that long.It's half a whole year.Most people plan their weddingsfor a really long time.Cheryl waited a whole yearto get marriedafter she got engaged.- She did?- She did![footsteps]Well, good news.We got the rudeness discount,25% off.Grandma rocks!She does indeed.So, what do you say, honey?Half a whole year is okay...I guess.Okay. Why don't you goget your jacket?Excuse me?You were kind of mean to me.But Brad sayswe should love everyoneno matter what.Maybe it's not your fault.Maybe peopleare mean to you too.♪ ♪[sighing shakily]I'm sorry.[Brad] This stinks![Kendall] Stop being mad.[James] Yeah,stop being mad, Brad.I am not mad.I'm just sad.Are you glad, too?Mad, glad, sad, Brad![laughing]It's not Kendall's fault.It is her mom's fault.Why does she want usto wait until forever?It's not forever.It's only half a year.Why don't you ask your dad?Maybe he'll let usget married right away.I don't talk to my dad.Why not?He's busy.Yeah, he's busy.You could text him.Yeah, Kendall,why don't you text your dadand let him knowhow much love...that we have?Or send him a letter.I don't know where his house is.How come?Don't you like him?I love him.Tons.Then... email him.Yeah! Email.Look, we just hadcomputer class.♪ ♪Hey.- [gasps]- [yelps] I'm sorry!Oh. H-hi. Um...I did not mean to scare you.Oh, my gosh.Is it okay if I don't get up?I know this is a weird wayto work,but it's helping outmy poor old-lady back.No, no, of course.I'll come down and join you.Okay. [chuckles]Oh.Okay.Hi.Hi.So I-I texted youa couple times.Uh...yeah, yeah,I'm sorry about that.It's just been such a whirlwind.Right. Yeah, yeah. No.Uh, mother-of-the-bride stuff...- Mm-hmm.- I heard Brad saidthat the whole weddinggot pushed six months?Yep.He's pretty bummed about it.[sighing deeply]I know that,but it's for the best.Is it?Is there somethingyou'd like to say?Okay, maybe it gives thema little extra time.Right.Actually, that's whatI wanted to talk to you about.Your community therapists,I really think thatBrad and Kendallshould getsome premarital counseling.Oh... that's nota terrible idea.Gee, thanks for your enthusiasm.Oh! Sorry.No, that was100% my own baggage.I actually wanted to get therapybefore my wedding,but my whole family, you know,they were judging me,like, "what do you needtherapy for?"You know, it's..."Marriage, it's easy."Ha. Maybe for people like, uh,Six-Pack and old Three-Sheets,obviously.And it's really not gonnabe easy for Brad and Kendall.They have known each othersuch a short time,and he hasn't even seen her whenshe's emotionally disregulated.Is that the technical termfor...?Meltdown!- Right.- I am,I am happy for them,don't get me wrong, I am,it's just that...relationshipsare difficult enough for anyone.Right?Mm-hmm.And-and, actually,speaking of that...Yeah?See, when a manalmost kisses a womanand then she...doesn't text him back...[sighing]Was it my breath?Or...?- Yes.- I knew it!I knew I shouldn't have hadthe garlic grilled cheese.It's always, always a mistake.Yeah.Now, honestly,it... the radio silencewasn't about the almost-kiss.I swear.I've been adjusting.Okay.Well, that's good, because...I would like usto follow through on thatat some point.♪ ♪You know, if you thinkthat there's a chance.There's a chance.♪ ♪[stammers quickly]Just maybe not right now.I mean, I'm just, I'm not reallydressed for romance.I think you look lovely.I think I'm gonna getback under the table.♪ ♪- To work!- Okay.I did not mean thatto sound so suggestive.- You sure?- I really didn't!You need to go.- All right.- Yeah.No, no. I'll go. All right.Gonna work.Okay. I'm going.[sighing]♪ ♪- Wait, what session was it?- Friday.Well, I-I'm surethat they paid her, Mom.You just... you just forgot.- Okay.- Wait a minute.She didn't record itas a deposit.Hold on.Thattagirl. There we go.She sent a thank-you emailwith a receipt.I just have to remind herto keep track of it.Okay, great. I'll mark itoff in the books.- [mouse clicks]- Oh, Kendall...- What?- She sent an email to Todd.Don't read it!Well, I certainly amgonna read it!Are you crazy? I gotta go."Hi, Dad.It's Kendall.I'm your daughter."[choking up]"Do you remember me?"[sobs]Oh, Kenny."Do you remember me?"[sniffles and sobs][Brad] I love you.[Kendall] I know that.He didn't reply.And my battery is almost gone.He will.When?I'll email him.No.What if he doesn't come?Why wouldn't he come?He didn't come for my birthdaysor my graduation.Maybe he's in the hospital.My parents were.Do you think he's sick?Is he gonna die?I didn't say that.But your parents died!I didn't mean that.No. I don't want my dad to die.No, no.You don't like my hugs anymore?No!Do you stillwant to get married?- No!- Fine, then!I don't want to get marriedto you either.Fine. Then leave me alone.I will!I'll leave you alone!♪ ♪Kendall's phone.Kendall?♪ ♪[calling out] Kendall!Kendall!♪ ♪[begins sobbing]Sweetheart, why aren'tyou answering your phone?Please call me back. Okay?Emma?What's wrong?[weeping]I'm sorry. I'm sorry.Brad, honey,it's not your fault.Nobody's blaming you, buddy.Did she say where she was going?No. She just wantedto be alone.How do we know what bus it was?I checked the schedule.It would have been the 20.You know what I'm gonna do?I'm gonna goto the end of the bus line,and see,maybe she got off there.Okay, I'm gonna take him home.Are you sureyou're okay by yourself?Yeah, I'm not alone.I've got my mom.Okay.Hey, come on.♪ ♪[Brad sobs] I messed up.It's okay.It's okay, bud.She's gonna be okay.Okay. Okay.That was the bus driver.He didn't recognize her.He doesn't know if she got on,or where she would'vegotten off.She could be anywhere.I just spoke to the neighbors,and they're gonnawait at the house,in case she shows up there.Okay. Okay.We're gonna check the park.- Yeah.- And the Arts District.- Okay.- This is what I was afraid of.This is what I was terrified of!I know, honey.I had to filean Endangered Missing Personsreport for my daughter,who I have notlet out of my sightfor 22 years.I know.- [wracked gasp]- I know, hon.She could be hurt!Or somebody could havetaken her,or she could be,she could be...[gulps and sobs]They're gonna find her.They'll find her.They'll find her.Yeah. They'll find her.[breathing deeply][phone rings]Oh! Oh, oh, okay.[ringing]It's the police.The police.It's the police.Hello?♪ ♪Kendall!Mom!Hi. Hi.Oh, my gosh.Oh, honey.Are you okay?I got on the wrong bus.I know.- Scared.- I know, sweetheart.I know.But you're safe, okay?I've got you.You're okay.She finally asked someoneto borrow their phoneand called 911.Thank God.I'm just glad everythingturned out all right.Doesn't always, you know.Yes. Of course.Thank you for everything.All right.Hey. Kendall.Hi, Nic.Hi. I'm so happy to see you.Is Brad okay?He's okay now that he knowsyou're okay.Can I talk to youfor a moment, Nic?Yeah.Just, uh...How are you holding up?I just need to get us all home,and then I'll be fine.Yeah. I'm so glad she's okay.Um, I was gonna bring Brad,you know,but I told himwe'll talk about it tomorrow.No. No.That's not gonna happen, Nic.Oh, I'm sorry,I didn't mean to...No, no, it's justBrad and Kendall are not gonnabe seeing each otherfor a while.Is that fair?I mean, yes, he left her alone,but you know, he canlearn from his mistakes, and...Okay, look, I appreciateyou defending him.I do.But I have to look outfor Kendall.All the time.And you will never understandwhat it's like on a daily basisto have to makeevery tough decision on my own,so I'd appreciate younot throwing the word "fair"around so lightly.Okay.And you need to have some faith.Faith?I have always hadfaith in my daughter.Faith in them.You know what?I can't do this...right now.Kendall? Sweetie.Let's get you home, okay?Okay.Come on.We're gonna get you home,all right?♪ ♪[phone ringing]Hey, Luke.Uh, no, I'm at home.I'm watching Kendall paint.Or not paint.What?Really?Oh. No, no, no, no, no,just thank you for telling me.And of course,I can't blame Amy for it.I mean,she has to hire somebody.Hold on.My mom's here.She texted me.Asked me to take her to lunchinstead.Oh.[door creaks]♪ ♪[sighs]Brad?Come on, buddy. Sit up.Come on.Sit up. Sit up. Get up.[Brad groans]I swung by the T-shirt shop.They said you haven'tbeen there all week.So I thought I'd swing by,bring your favorite food.Kendall liked pizza.A lot.Look, it's gonna be okay.All right?I promise.I don't wanna be okay,not without Kendall.I know.No, you don't.Oh, I know.Remember Lisa?She left.And you were real sad.Yes. I was.And I didn't wantanyone to tell methat I was gonna be okay,because...Well, because...the pain that I feltwas the last bitof the love that we had,and if that pain went away,it would mean that the lovewould be gone too, so...Are you still sad?I am.But not because of Lisa.♪ ♪Thanks, buddy.♪ ♪Wow.♪ ♪Hi, Mom.Hello.Where is she?In her room.Seriously, Mom.How long are yougonna stay mad at me?I haven't decided yet.Look, the conservatorshipwas set upnot only to protectKendall's art money,but to protect her, period.I made the right decision.- You need to see something.- Not now, Mom.Yes, now.Absolutely now.[knocks lightly]Honey, can we come infor a minute?I just want to show your momyour new painting.[Emma] Oh...Fix this, Emma.Honey?Can you take these off?We need to talk, K.What for?Because I want to knowhow you feel,how you really feel.How come love is not enough?What?I heard you say that to Grandma.What does it mean?Oh. Uh...well, it means obviouslylove is... is incredible...but-but it's just an emotion,and emotions, they don't...they don't alwaystell you the truth.But Brad said sorry,like a million times.Why can't we get married?Oh... honey.Listen.Marriage is full ofso many things,and love is one of them,but you gotta trust me,it is not enoughwhen you start facing challengesand when-when problems come...Not for you.What? What do you mean?Mom, you don't have to worry.Me and Brad won'trun out of lovelike you and Dad did.Oh...Kendall...Dad said that he loved usand he still left.[Kendall] I know.I feel sad for him.For him?Yeah.Look at all the cool stuffwe've done.He missed out on all of the fun.You're right.[quietly] You're right.And being your mom has beenthe funnest thing ever.I know.Mm-hmm.But I'm still mad at you.♪ ♪Hey.You know, when she was born,I had no ideahow I was gonna handleall the responsibility.Yeah.I remember.You were scared to death.But I loved herfrom the moment I saw her.And when I held her, I knew...that I was gonna do everythingI could to protect her,to keep her safe...to make sure that nothingever happened to her.And you know what?I succeeded.[sobs] Because nothing willever happen to her now.Oh, honey, you are Kendall'sbiggest champion,and I can't tell youthe number of timesI've heard you say to someone,"Just treat herlike you'd treat anyone else."I don't know anymore, Mom.Honey, I knowthis is hard on you.And God knows...marriage isn't easy for anyone.[chuckling]But you have got to liveby your words,because they're right.And you have got to give Kendallthe chance to succeed, or fail,just like you wouldwith anyone else.Yeah.- Thanks, Mom.- Yeah.[background chatter]Emma?Yep.Yes? [chuckles nervously]Listen, I wanted to apologizefor how everything worked out.You really are very talented,and you have an amazing eyefor texture.That tree trunk coffee table?So quirky and delightful.Uh...Wait a minute.How did you...?I canceled the walk-through.Yes, but your friend,sorry, client,uh, called meand showed me around.- He did?- Seriously,if anything else opens up,you're my person for the job.I mean it, Emma.You've really got something.Thank you.♪ ♪You guys, thank you so much.Thank you.[under his breath] Yes!Hi.Hi!So... good news?Great news.They love it.Love your showroom.- Oh!- And they're gonna invest.That is great news.Yes, it is.Is that...?No. Salads.I don't know how much morecheese my arteries can take.Right.Hey, why don't we grab a seat?Okay.I wanted to thank youfor what you did with Amy.I just thought that your workreally deserves to be seen.Well, thanks to you,it was seen,and that's enough for me.Great.Look, while we're sitting here,breaking...lettuce, uh,I just wanted to get somethingoff my chest.I'm really sorryfor rushing things betweenKendall and Brad,and you and me and everything.I just...Thanks for that.I appreciate it.Yep.I feel likeI owe you an explanation...but it's really hardto explainwhy I am the way I amunless you've beenwhere I've beenwith Kendall and her father.I know.Or rather, I don't,but I... I understand.So here's the thing.I have fought the stereotypesthat have been put on Kendallher whole life,but there is one thingthat is true about her.She is capable of way more lovethan anyone could ever evenimagine possible.So what are you saying?What I'm saying is that I'm...I'm gonna have to trustthat the lovethat they have for each otherto gonna be able to...to see them throughall the many challengesthat they're gonna face.And it's a little bit scary.Well, here's to steppinginto the unknown.With both feet.With both feet.[chuckles] Yes.♪ ♪Look at that.Isn't it amazing?[Sarah] Hi, Kendall!Hi, Kendall's Mom.Hi.Why are you all here?Did you buy ticketsfor them too?Actually, I did.Your mom also gotthe gallery to do this.[Kendall] It's my painting.♪ ♪Brad?Hi, Kendall.I'm so sorry.Me too.I missed you.I miss you too.♪ ♪I love you.I love you too.Way to go, you two![clapping]♪ ♪So, Brad has something thathe wants to talk to you about.Oh. All right.I promise that I willtake care of Kendall.[Kendall] That's super sweet,but we'll take careof each other.And we'll ask for helpwhen we need it.And we will be there to help youwhenever you need it, buddy.So do we have permissionto get married, Mom?[exhales] Hoo. Well...normally, I would say yes,but you are a hugger, right?- Yes, I am.- Yeah, okay. Okay.Now, I am not gonna force you,but I stronglyam going to encourage youto take the relationshipcounseling coursesbefore and after you're married.I'll take any classesin the world to be with Brad.And me too.And we havemade it really easy for youto take those classes,because...becausewe have reserved a townhousejust for you two.We could have a garden!Just like the onein the painting![Kendall]I can't believe it.We'll have our own home.And, Kendall, honey...I thought you might wantto put this back on.Thanks, Mom.I love you so much, honey.Love you.[chuckles][kissing]♪ ♪[knocking]Emma.Hey, Todd.Come on in.[Todd] Sorry about all of this.They're not the neatest,but then what kids are, right?Kendall was always very neat.She still is.Yeah, um...look, um, I'm really sorrythat I didn't respondto her email.Me too.She still wants youto come to the wedding, though.She does?I mean...that's actually happening?It is.And she wants you there,so I'm hereto personally invite you.Uh...well, that's really niceof you, Em.You misunderstand.I'm hereto personally invite you,because ifI send you the invite,you'll either not respondor say "yes" and not show up,and I can't have you doing thatto our daughteron the most important dayof her life.You have no ideawhat she has been throughto get here.I'll come.Good.And wear a tie.I don't even own a tie, Emma.Then, Todd, buy one.♪ ♪♪ ♪[knocking]Come on, ladies.I'm dying of motherlyanticipation out here.[Bev] You may enter![exhales]Oh...[gasps]Sweetheart.You are an absolute vision.Why are you crying?Oh, I just... [sniffles]I never imaginedthis day would come.I did.You need to bemore like me, Mom.I know.I know I do.I will try, I promise.♪ ♪[Bridal Chorus plays]Good job.♪ ♪Kendall![chuckling]Come on.[Emma sighs][chuckling]Who gives this womanto be married to this man?I do.♪ ♪And now Kendall and Bradwill speak the vowsthat they've written themselves.Brad?Kendall,my mom told me when I was young,a miracleis something that can't happen,but it does anyway.You are my miracle.[chuckles tenderly]When I'm lost in the dark,you light up the way for me.I will always love you.And I will never, evergonna let youget on any buswithout me,like, ever again.[laughs][laughter spreads]♪ ♪You are my best friend.You are my inspiration.You remind me of the painting"Starry Night,"because you are shinyand full of stars.I love you, Brad.Forever.♪ ♪Can he be my husband now?Definitely.[laughter]By the power vested in me,I now pronounce youhusband and wife.You may kiss your bride.♪ ♪[applauding and cheering][Minister]And for the very first time,I present to youMr. and Mrs.Bradley and Kendall Garrison.[cheering]Whoo-hoo!♪ ♪[cheering]♪ ♪She really is amazing,isn't she?Yes, she really is.Look, you probablydon't want it,but I was thinkingI could help out financiallywith all of this, if you want?No, I do want it.- [laughs]- Yeah.But listen.Whatever happens...I just wanted you to knowit's okay.It's not okay.I should've been there, Em.For all the Christmases,all the birthdays...I mean, we're okay.I'm trying to look at lifelike Kendall does now.And when I do,I realize that our lifehas been wonderful,and that it's so fullof possibilities.Thanks, Em.[sighing]♪ ♪♪ Ooh ♪♪ I had a dreamSo big and loud ♪♪ I jumped so highI touched the clouds ♪♪ Whoa, oh, oh, oh, oh-oh-oh ♪♪ WhoaOh, oh, oh, oh-oh-oh ♪♪ I stretched my handsout to the sky ♪Excuse me.♪ ♪It's just a dance.I was kind of hoping for a kiss.♪ Please don't wake me now ♪♪ Whoo-whoo-ooh ♪♪ This is gonna beThe best day of my life ♪♪ My li-i-i-i-ife ♪♪ Whoo-ooh ♪♪ This is gonna beThe best day of my life ♪♪ My li-i-i-i-ife ♪♪ ♪