foodval.com - stop by if you're interested in the nutritional composition of food  --- 
        Ballard.From our family to yoursfor over a hundred years.Welcome to 10 years ago, Dad.Baby steps.Are you still upsetthat I wouldn't approveyour single mother spot?I just think it's timeto expand a little bit.Well, good old-fashionedfamily values.Are the backbone of Ballard.Yes, I know, Dad.Mm-hmm. It should be all setfor the meeting.Yes. Thank you.



Bye.- Veronica.- Yes, Dad?I was just talking to Donna,or rather,Donna was talking to me.And... maybe you're right.About what?Loosening things up.So you wanna dothe single mother spotafter all?Oh. No.Donna thinks that you shouldstart doing more pressand social media,you know, give the branda youngerbut still very traditional feel.But I did tell her I don'twant this to come at the cost



of you giving me a grandchild.I told you, Jordan and Iare gonna try next year.You're already 30.I can still be a mom and a bossor... boss's daughter.But...I will do all the social mediaand press you want.All right, then. Back to work.I'm glad you had a good day,honey.Thank you for keepingmy spot warm, Cody.I'm happy for you.You deserve it.Although I...do feel like you havean unfair advantage,being that you're the only onenot afraid of your dad.Oh, come on, that's not fair.I'm very afraid of my dad.How was your day?Oh, you know,just like any other day asa junior high school teacher...Drama, terror, insanity.- Ah. Those kids.- Oh, speaking of kids,Dad brought it up again.You didtell himthat we're enjoyingour last year of freedom, right?Mm, he wouldn't really graspthat concept.He thinks we should've had kidsa long time ago.Well, if we had kidswhen we first started dating...I would've been disowned,and you would be castrated.Oh.Speaking of our last yearof freedom...Mm-hmm?I was thinking...Never mind. Never mind.No, what?Come on.I hate when you do this.- Come on.- Okay.Well...What do you think about, uh...branching out a little?What specificallydo you have in mind?Well, like living on the edge.I mean, don't you rememberthat forbidden dangerof our first time?Yes, having sexat my all-girl private school?- Mm-hmm.- During school hours?That was hot.So you wanna go backto my high school?Oh, no, no, no.More like, uh...- Uh...- Uh, what?Uh... ooh...A ménage à trois.Oh. Um... you mean meand another girl?Well, um...Yeah. Yeah. That's, uh...That's what I would prefer.Well, I bet you would.It was just an idea.Just an idea.You know,since I am turning 30 tomorrow,tell me.Mmhmm.What's it like?- Devastating.- Oh.It's like my youthjust disappearedwhen I turned the big 3-0.Funny.I mean,isn't it forbidden enoughthat you're marriedto an older woman?Oh, yes.Living on the edge.All right. Night, honey.Good night.Wow, I don't know what to say.That's crazy, right?I mean, it's unexpected,but it's not uncommon.- Really?- Yeah.I know a lot of peoplewho have tried a third.Yeah, well, that's becauseyou're so free-spirited, Lexi.So you don't thinkI should be worried?About what?About Jordan askingfor a threesome.No. I actually thinkit speaks a lotto how much he trusts youas a person.I mean, it does take a lot toopen up about stuff like that.I've been training youfor years now,and you've never said anythingto make me thinkthat you can'ttrust him.Guess you're right.And you've been togetherfor what,since you were teenagers, right?Mm-hmm.Yeah. So you haven't hidethe time to, you know,So...- So you're for it.- I don't know.I'm just... not against it.Maybe I'll offer it to himfor his birthday.Hmm. Yeah, I like it,but just make sureit's not someoneyou know together.- It could get a little awkward.- Yeah, that makes sense.Ooh, maybe you should picksomeone only you know.I mean, you don't want a randowalking in your house,and like I said,you're a little famous, so...- That's a good point.- Yeah.Lexi...Yeah?What about you?What about me?Jordan doesn't know you,and you don't workat the office,so he can't run into youat any work function,and you're sexy.Would it be weird after?I mean...I don't wanna lose youas a client.I don't think so,and you don't seem likethe type of personthat would be fazed by it.Some of our stretches are...rather intimate.Plus we've already seen eachother naked in the locker room.True.Are you interested?I just can't believe that youof all people,this rated G,would do something so NC-17.It's so... antitheticalto your whole persona.Although for some,those really are just maskshiding what lurks beneath,which apparently in your case,is a sex fiend.Okay, it would only beone night, Gillian.Oh.The most appealing partof it all isthat it flies in the faceof my good girl image.- Ballard poster girl.- Exactly.So it's kind of exciting tobreak out of my father's mold.Well... sounds likeyour little sex-capademight have someliberating therapeutic value.I give my blessing.You nervous?Yes. Are you?Completely.- Lexi.- Oh.- Hey.- Hey.- You look beautiful.- Thanks. So do you.Please.So, Lexi, this is Jordan,my husband.Jordan, this is Lexi Wolf.- It's a pleasure to meet you.- It's nice to meet you.- So what's good here?- Yeah.So, yeah, and people wouldtease me for it.They used to say that I hada silver cereal spoonin my mouth.And they're probablyjust jealous.But, Lexi, what about you?I've never asked youabout your childhood.Mm. It's so normal.It'd bore you to tears.But I saw you in your interviewon TV the other day.Mnh-mnh.And she's gonna be on allthe Ballard family commercialssoon.See, I told youyou're a celebrity.Oh, my gosh. Okay, guys.Stop. It's so embarrassing.Can we please talkabout something else?So... why did you becomea trainer?So I could meet Veronica.I'm kidding, obviously.No, actually,I initially, um, studiedto become an actress.I realized it wassuch a long shot,so I dedicated myselfto training.I... love the human body.It was a fun night.Yeah.You still into it?Well, there was chemistry,wasn't there?Definitely.I think it'll be something funfor us to look back on one day.So are we gonna do it?Let's do it.Yeah?I think we should havea safe word.What do you mean?Like a word we use in casewe wanna stopfor whatever reason.Um, yeah, that soundslike a good idea.How about..."taffy"?That seems like a really funnyword to say when you're naked.Hey, if it was too common,we might say it accidentally.Okay.Good point. "Taffy" it is.She's here.Okay, uh,do you want some taffy?You... You wanna stop?Oh, I just wanna make sureyou're still into this.Well, you've come this far.And I don't wanna be rudeand have her come all this wayfor nothing.Leave it to youto bring good mannersin a situation like this.I love you.I love you, too.Hi.Come on in.Cute dog. What's his name?Cody.I love your dress.Oh. Thanks.I haven't worn it in years.Nice house.Uh, yeah, we just, uh,did a remodel.Uh... let me get ussome refreshments.You havetwo different color eyes.Yeah. Heterochromia.It's... one ofmy many unique qualities.How come I didn't notice before?You've never been this closebefore.Hey there.Hey.I can't believe we did that.Right.Well... did you enjoy it?We both did.And you're okay with it?Yeah. Yeah.Although I...I feel a little, um...shame?That's a... That'sjust the Catholicism talking.- Hello!- Hi.Mwah.Oh.Thanks for coming.Of course.- Oh, let me order my...- Oh, no. Already coming.Oh, why, thank you.So...how'd it go?Well...Oh, no.Was it horrible?No.The act itself was, um...Hot? Sexy?Mm-hmm.I know.Oh. Thank you.- Anything else?- No, we're good.Oh, but you're notgood.You're bad.But...But what?Maybe it was a mistake?What? Like, for your marriage?I don't know.Like I'm gonna regret it.Veronica, I think you're justbeing really hard on yourself.Okay? Remember, this wassupposed to bea liberating experience.You're right.Of course I am.What's wrong?Nothing.Do you feel likewe shouldn't have done it?Gillian said I shouldn'tfeel that way.You talk to Gillian about thisbut not me?She's objective.She...She wasn't there.It's more than that.I-I can tell.- Did you enjoy it?- Is that a trick question?Trying to set me upto be the bad guy?No. Never mind.I can tell you enjoyed it.Look...Not because I don't love you.All right, or because I want itto be a regular thing.I know.So...We good?Yeah. Of course we are.I am so sorry I'm late.No worries.Here you go. Bicep curls.Give me 10.Wasn't that hot?Um... yeah,I... suppose it was.So you wanna do it again?What?Um... thank you, but no.Why not?Because it was always justsupposed to be a one-time thing.Why just one time?What's gotten into you?Well, does that...Do you regret it?Why are you acting like this?Acting like what? Like I'm notjust a little pawnthat you can move aroundin your life however you see fitwithout even thinkingfor a secondhow it might affect me?Lexi.It's just so weird.For as long as I've beentraining with her,she's never acted like this.It's like she's just becomea different person.- I'll get it.- Okay.- Lexi?- Hey.I... I was justin the neighborhood,and I figured I'd stop by.It smells good.- What are you cooking?- Uh...Can I join?No. Listen, Lexi,after what happened today,I think...Oh. Yeah, I'm... I'm sorry.I let my emotionsget the better of me.I just... wanted to come byand... talk to you aboutmaybe lending me $5,000?Hey. What's going on?I got this.No. You can't borrow $5,000.Well, why not?I don't have to give youa reason.It's really strange thatyou're just coming in hereout of nowhere asking for money.But we're friends.We're more than friends.And you have so much money.Why are you being so selfish?All right, that's enough.So you need to leave.And you're obviously fired.You don't mean that.I do.But... you promised.That was before what happenedat the gym today.Veronica,there's many sides of me.Many sides.You'll see.Clearly, she's disturbed.It was so unsettling.What do I do?You could report her at the gym.I mean, coming overto your place like thatdefinitely crossedprofessional boundaries.Obviously, I was the onewho crossedprofessional boundaries first.I invited her over to...V., you can't change the past.Is that the bestadvice you've got for me?I'm sorry.This is a little outof my wheelhouse. I...I've never come across a psychotrainer situation before.Well... that makes two of us.Dad?Well... look who's here.I'll just get right to it.We have decided...that you are going to bethe new face of Ballard Brands.What?And Donna saysthat market research showsthat people like young facesmore than older ones, so...S-Starting when?Right away.Our next commercial shootis in a few days.That's so soon.Oh, with the metrics, we're sogoing in this direction.Your Instagram followingis growing.That's an Instagram that I don'teven personally post on.This was inevitable.You are the future of the brand.You're smart,young, modern,still family-friendly.You're the whole package.I just... wasn't preparedfor the future to... be now.We never are.Congratulations.Okay.So...What do you think?Donna...it's...it's a lot.It's a good thing, right?Right.You don't seem excited.I'm just... feeling vulnerable.I wasn't prepared to be so...out there.I have every confidenceyou will rise to the occasion.Do you think he'll let memove the brandin a more progressive direction?Mm... not while he's alive.Oops! Did I say that out loud?But seriously, I've worked withhim since before you were born,and it's a losing battleon that front.Yes, he is... set in his ways.Mm, he is a petrified forest.He will not sway.So we'll just keep iton tradition.Understood.Just think big picture, hmm?Trust me.You'll be runningthe whole company one day.And then you can do with itwhat you want.That's the plan.It is.And speaking of plan...um... you and Jordan should thinkabout having a babysooner than later.You know how cute a baby willlook in our cereal commercials.We are gonna starttrying next year.Good. It'll be a good lookfor you guys.A good look. Right.Can I ask you something?Sure.Did you ever resent me?Why?Did you ever fantasizeabout running the company?It's Ballard FamilyBrands,darling.Yes, but you've worked so hardfor so long.Oh, and I plan to retireeven harder.Besides, I'm a behind-the-scenestype of person, you know?And you know what they say.The hire up you go,the bigger the targeton your back.I'm just not builtfor that type of pressure.I'm not as strong as you.Here to kick some butt?Lexi.What are you doing here?I'm late. I know. I'm sorry.I told you.You're not my trainer anymore.I fired you.I... I thought thatthat was a misunderstanding.You promised methat this wouldn't happen.Are you gonna keepyour promises?I'm sorry if I misled you, but...You're just gonna throw me awaylike garbage, huh?Like garbage?!Keep your voice down.I don't wanna make a scene.Well, it's too late for that,Little Miss Perfect!This is a scene,and you're not the lead! I am!You scared me half to death.Oh, I'm sorry, but you'reMrs. Ballard-Glen, right?Yes.The manager...He's been looking for you,and he needs to talk to youright away.About what?I don't know. I'm sorry.But he said it was important.Okay. Thank you.Have a good one.So we have 10:30, 11:30,and then finish at 12:30. Okay?Okay. Good.- Can you take that out for me?- Yeah.Can you please tell mewhat's going on, Tom?I don't have time for this.I got some pretty disturbingnews from one of our employees...Miss Lexi Wolf.She left here in tears.What do you mean, disturbing?Well, she said you've been...sexually harassing her,stalking her,and demeaning her.So she refuses to come backto workunless your membershipbe revoked.Well, that's just not true.If anything,she has been the one...Look...Right. Well,if you wanna dispute this,you can file a counter report,and then we can getthe authorities involved.The authorities?Mrs. Ballard-Glen,as you can imagine,we take this sort of thingvery seriously.I don't want to involvethe authorities.Okay. Well, she saidshe wouldn't takethis thing any furtherand that she'll return to workon the conditionthat you leave immediatelyand that you pay forthe remaining training sessionswhich is...I guess 20 sessions.This is ridiculous.She's a liar.Okay, do you wanna dispute this?No, just revoke my membership.I don't care.Well, I must advise youthat if you do come back,we will be forced to take...Why would I ever wannacome back here?What the hell do you want?Tom called me and told methat you were leavingand it was safe for meto come back.Was it humiliatingwhen I kicked you out?Why are you doing this to me?Mm. It's restitutionfor the past.What past?You're not making any sense.Let's just start with yougiving me $50,000.Giving you?I thought it was a $5,000 loan.No, no, you have to learnto give,and your lack of interesthas been quite substantial,so the price has gone up.I mean,if you had just paid me whenI first asked you to, then...So it's about money.Well, it's about so many things,but let me ask you a question.What?What do you think would happenif I shared with the worldwhat you, me, your husband did?What do you think it would doto you, your father,and his wholesomeAmerican brand?So you're blackmailing me.I'm just telling youwhat the stakes are.Veronica!Ready for another take?Uh... yes. Sorry.- You all right?- Yeah, of course.All right, come.Uh, give me a sec.All set.All right, guys, quiet on set!All right, this is "The new facefor Cruncherz," take 5.And... action.Hi. I'm Veronica Ballard-Glen,and like my fatherand grandfather before me,I am honored to be in your homeas the new face of Ballard.From our family to yoursfor over a hundred years.And... cut!I think we got it that time.What am I gonna do, Jordan?First thing to remember isit's not just you.We're in this together, okay?Yeah, except noneof the crazy crapis happening to you.I know. I'm sorry.You know, the thing is,I tried to call herto give her the money,and her phone's disconnected.That's weird. How are yousupposed to pay her?I don't know.I think she just wants meto live in fearso that she has all the control.I mean, how did she keepthe fact that she's crazyhidden for three years?Everyone can hide their crazyto some degree.Hello? Hi, Donna.Right now?"Business Era" Magazine?Okay. All right. Thank you.Yes. Hello.My name is Sally Langleywith the "Business Era."I'm so sorryfor the technical issues.We're having a problemwith our camera,but it doesn't matter.Everyone's just here to see you.Thank you.Don't even worry.Uh, excuse me one moment.I'm sorry, but your dad asked meto check inand see how you do.You know how he is.Of course.I'm sorry. Where were we?No worries. I know your fathercan be very particular.Didn't realize you couldhear that.So let's just get straightinto it, shall we?Absolutely.All right, first, I wanna talkto you about your image.I've watched lotsof your interviews.I've lookedat your social media, and I...I see thatyou've very well craftedthis all-American, wholesomegirl next door persona.Would you saythat's the real you?Um... well... what do you mean?It's so obviouslya calculated façademeant to alignwith the Ballards' 1950sold-fashioned Americana fantasythat never really existedin the first place.Why not drop the illusionand show the whole worldthe real Veronica?I'm sorry, but...I think we both knowthat the real Veronicais anything but the wholesomedaddy's little girl...I didn't realize that this wasgoing to be a hit piece.I'm, uh, going to haveto end this.Do you mean that it's hittinga little too close to home?That obviouslywas not somebody from...Obviously.Let's just...forget about all this.No need to bore Dadwith the details.Of course not.Thank you.I obviously didn't mentionanything about the 3-way.Hmm.Thankfully, neither did she.Um, can you get the glasses?Yeah.Well, I guess I shouldprepare myself.What do you mean?Well, in case she goesto the tabloids or something.Guess I have to lie.Yeah, you're right.But you know what's got memost unsettled?What?She hasn't askedfor the money again.But why?Good question.Hey!What the hellare you doing here?What's it look likeI'm doing here?I'm working out, just like you.You don't go to this gym.What are you, following me?Hey, Lexi.Do you want the money or not?I'm done with this.I want all sorts of thingsfrom you.I want... your love.I want your anger...and I want your pain.You're a sick bitch.Well, looks like I alreadyhave your anger.You don't have the leverageyou think you do.It's my word against yours.So... market research showsthat pivoting to Veronicahas us up 37%across all demographics.And the thing that popped outat us the mostwas the age group.27% of thatare between 15 and 35.What does that tell us?Social media.Now, of course, you have a lotof folks telling you,"Social media is gonna takeadvantage of all of us."Uh... I have to take this.My word against yours?Well, that video is wortha thousand words...50,000 to be exact.Veronica.Are you okay?I'm s... I'm so, so sorry.What's going on?You just walked outof the meeting.I-I just...I don't feel very well.I... think I should go homeand rest.Feel better.And let me know if you can't dothe Luncherz launch presentationon Friday.No, I... I'll be there,I promise.All right, then.Hey! What's up?There's a video.She made a video.What am I gonna do?Wait, wait. Hold on. A video?Yeah, I don't know. Somehowshe recorded us that night.She just sent itto my work email, Gillian,through email.Okay, okay. Um... I need youto take a deep breath.You take a deep breath.I need solutions right now.I'm sorry.I'm sorry for snapping at you.It's okay. I get it.All right, we need to, uh...we need to figure outa plan here.A plan. Right.That's a good idea.You need to find somethingon her. Leverage.I already Googled the hellout of her.It's like she doesn't exist.Okay. All right. Wait a minute.Um...I have an idea.Okay, I'm listening.Uh, I'm not gonna suggestthe policebecause I know youdon't want that, but I...I really think that we shouldhire a private investigator.Someone like her probablyhasn't colored in the linesher entire life.There has got to besomething out therefrom her past that we can use.I'm telling you,there is nothing out there.Wait a minute.Can a private investigatorbreak into her place?Not legally, no.Then I will.Veronica, I...I-I don't know about this.If there's anythingI've learned,you can't count on anyone elseto solve your problems.Do you even knowwhere she lives?Not yet.Hey, how was your day, honey?Let's just go to the bankand get this over with.I'll get your blood money.What's the rush... love?Okay, we can talk aboutthe money in a bit,but first let me ask yousomething.When was the last time you...went to church?Church?Church? Isn't your dadone of the main benefactorsat Sacred Heart?How do you even...So it's been a while.Christmas Mass is probablythe last time that I...But what does this have to dowith anything?Maybe you should start goingmore often.You're overdue for confession.And what is it that you want meto confess?That I've had sex with...You have to go further backthan thatto get to your original sin.I have no ideawhat you're talking about,but I'm surethat your confessionwould take considerably longerthan mine.My conscience is clean.You have no conscience.You're right.Let's go to the bank.I have to know.How did you do it?Oh, that. My phone was recordingour little love sessionfrom inside my purse.Why didn't you just sendthe video from the beginning?I figured if I couldn't get offwith you again,then I could get off on messingwith your perfect life.So this is all just a gameto you?No. No, not at all.No, I genuinely felta real connectionbetween... the three of us.You need help.Mm. But you're helping me.You're helping me work throughall these complicated feelings...Our little game.Thank you for that, my love.What the hell were you thinking?I went looking for leveragein case she wantedto take things further.It was dangerous.All right?You didn't even find anything.I found a Sacred Heart yearbook.At first I thought maybe we wentto school together,but I didn't find her in it.I guess she just hasan infatuation with me.Well, maybe nowthat she has the money,she'll leave you alone.Maybe.So ultimately, it's our brand'snatural progression.I mean, what comesafter breakfast? Lunch.Speaking of which, we havea lovely spread right outside,so please, eat up.Thank you.Yes, thank you.Well done.Oh, no, thank you.Thank you.I think that went very well.I do, too.It's crazy to thinkit only took a hundred yearsto expand beyond breakfast.Well, slow but steadywins the race.So another hundred,we'll make it to dinner.109.Um... I see someone I know.Okay.Leonard, may I interrupt?Yes, of course, I was justhaving a conversationwith this charming young lady.Lexi, was it?- That's right, Leonard.- Pleasure.I already gave you 50 grand.What the hellare you doing here?Mingling.Great speech, by the way.I did notice, though,that you didn't serveany of your own productto the guests here.Hmm. I guess Luncherzis just for the masses,just like your whole act.What do you want?$100,000.I don't have thatkind of liquidity, Lexi.Mm, ask Daddy.I can't ask him.No, you don't want to ask him.I'll ask him.$100,000.Meet me at Sacred Heartin exactly 48 hours.You look so worried, hmm?It's just part of our game.Games are supposed to be fun,right?I'm having fun.Aren't you?So you want me to ask himfor money, too?She has all the power.I think you should give herwhat she wants.And what am I supposedto say to him?I don't know.Why does thisall come down to me?Don't you think that I hatethat it comes down on you?All right, you know my familydoesn't have any money.Trust me, if I could,I would ask.I would steal it if I thoughtit would fix things for you.I'm sorry for taking itout on you.It's okay.So...What do I say to him?Say...Say it's for a vacation home,in, uh, in Florida.Really?It's that, or we have herarrested for blackmail.All right,but then all this gets out.Those are our choices.Those are our choices.I said no.Absolutely not.Come on in, sweetheart.Is thisa bad time? I can come back.No, it is always a good timeto talk with my daughter.This discussion is over.Everything all right?Uh, yeah, why?Well, lately you've seemed,um...preoccupied.Oh, I'm fine. It's just...a learning curve.Second thoughts?No. No. Not at all.Because I don't want youto feel any pressure.I want this to be somethingthat you want.Dad, don't worry. I want this.But... that's not why I'm here.Okay, then, why are you here?Well... um, Jordan and Ifound a beach house in Florida,and we'd like to buy it.That's wonderful.Yeah, um... we wanna fly outand take a look at it, but...But?Um...We're short on the down payment.How short?$100,000.And you'd like meto loan you the money.Well, all of my savings wentinto the remodel,and unless you give me accessto my trust...Veronica, you makea substantial salary here.Surely, you could save upthat money in no time.What's the rush?Well, the property is, um...Time-sensitive.Exactly.And we really want it.Hmm.You know why I'm not goingto give you the money?Take a look at some of the kidsyou went to private school with.So many of themare still spoiled,confused, aimless children.They never really grew up readyfor the real world.But I work hard, Dad.And I always have.Well, then I've done my job.Veronica.You're not upset with me,are you?No.I'm not upset at you.Oh, V. You must befeeling so trapped.I hate to say it, but I thinkyou only have one option.Going to the policeis not an option.Honey, it's your only option.Not only would I probablybe firedfor violatingmy morality clause,but it's the nightmarethat the controversywould cause my father.Controversies go away.This woman won't.I'm here. Gotta go.Okay. Good luck.You don't have it, do you?No. I don't.I asked my dad,and he didn't give it to me.I don't want excuses.I want $100,000.Release the video. Then what?Then your blackmailing stops.And what will you do then?I'm gonna watchyour whole world fall apart.And I'm gonna watchyour family brand get sullied.- But I have tried...- Respect the game.Respect me.I love the taste of fear,especially yours.God, give me the strengthto bestow your justiceupon the wicked.God, give me the strengthto bestow your justiceupon the wicked.God, give me the strength.God, give me the strengthto bestow your justiceupon the wicked.God, give me the strengthto bestow your justice.Amen.What now?I found it in his food bowl.She took Cody!Why didn't you call me?!Tutoring was canceled.I just got home. I...It's a nightmare.This can't be happening.Wait. Where are you going?To get Cody. You coming?Of course I am.Her car's not here.Looks deserted.Yeah, I know.What should we do now?We wait.For how long?For as long as it takes.What's going on?She never came home.Crap. I'm late for work.Obviously, I'll call in sick.I don't wanna...If anything happens to him,I swear...Cody's safe... for now.But the amount's gone up.$150,000 in 24 hours in cash.Let me make one thing clear.If you don't pay up,you can say goodbye to your dog.What are we gonna do?I don't know.What about...What?Well, there's that jewelryfrom your grandmother.You know, maybe.It's worth a shot. I mean...My grandmother gave me thison her deathbed...and her mother before that.I rememberwhen she gave it to you.Veronica, are you sureyou wanna do this?We have no choice.I knew it wouldn't be enough.I'm sorry, honey.You know what? I've...I've had enough.I'm just gonna go to the police.Whoa, whoa, you sure?Yeah, I don't haveany other choice.Maybe you should tellyour father first.Really?Shouldn't he be the firstto know?You know, and he might be ableto pay her offwith one of thoselegal agreements.I think the rich and powerfuluse it all the time.It's like a...It's like legalized blackmail.That's true.Mm-hmm.Hmm. Of course I'll get fired.But I supposeI should just go now,let him make that choice.You haven't slept.You haven't eaten.You haven't showered.Don't you think you should waittill he gets off work?I just don't wanna wasteany more time.I know. I know. Well, look,we've... we have come this far.All right, it's all gonna endone way or the other.I don't think a few hoursis gonna make a difference.Right? You wanna bein the right state of mindwhen you talk to him.You know, self-care's importantin times like these.Not that we've beenin timeslike these before, but...You should take a nap.Mm. I could use one.Although I don't thinkI could sleep right now.Well, it's worth a try.Come on,I'll make you some food.Aah!Oh, my God.You scared me.I barely recognize youwith your new hairdo.That's becauseit's my old hairdo.So is it done?Yes.I put two sleeping pillsin her food.She'll be knocked outfor quite a while.Plenty of time to dowhat we need to do.Look, you know,I didn't wanna do it this way.All right, in the beginning,it was just supposedto be enoughso we could get away.All right, go somewhere,reinvent ourselves.I know, I know,but I have my reasonsfor asking for more money.Yeah, for what,the renovation you got going on?No, Jordan, these people...Money makes their worldgo round, right?So what better way to shatter itthan by taking it away?Look, you know I hate beingpoor Mr. Veronica Ballard...All right, the schoolteacherthat lives offher family's money.But I don't understand whythis has becomeso personal against her.If I told you my reasons,I'd have to kill you.Uh-huh.Okay. We have to get ready.We're running out of time.It's risky, Lexi.The bigger the risk,the bigger the reward.Burner phones.And...Come on. We gotta hurry.6:30? But I set an alarm.Jordan?!Jordan!As you can see, the menin your life are with me.So if you want them back,you'll send me a million dollarsworth of cryptoby the end of the day tomorrow.With your father... indisposed,I know you have accessto corporate funds.And don't even thinkabout calling the police.If I feel cornered at all,I'm taking them all downwith me.Sins of the fatherand of the daughterwill be paid.God, he was heavy.I think I threw my back out.Maybe you should goto a yoga class.How can you bejoking at a time like this?"A," who said I was joking?And "B," why are you whispering?Because if he wakes up...All right, he finds out it's me,then we have to...Kill him?Oh, come on.What's one less rich a...Stop. Lexi.Relax.The amount of Ketaminewe gave himwill keep him asleep for hours.Plus, it eliminatesthe possibility of himremembering anything.I don't know. It, uh...- This all just feels so wrong.- Oh, my God.Would you just stopwith the whispering?Thank you for understanding.Done.I called all the board members,and they're all in agreement.The funds will be releasedby the end of the day.And you're sure you don't wannacall the police?Yes, I'm positive.I don't want anything to happento Jordan and my father.But that's not gonna stop youfrom looking for them, is it?Absolutely not.Okay. Where do we start?You really did want it to gothis way the whole time,didn't you?God, what was I thinking?!You know, this wholefaking my death thing?No, no.No? Well, maybe...you don't have to fake it.Sorry.I know I've misled you a little.My bad.We have to assume she's notworking alone.She can't kidnap two grown menby herself.That's true, but... she isa personal trainer.And she keeps referringto the pastand Sacred Heart and confessionsand meeting at a church.But I've looked throughthat yearbook a hundred times,and she's not in there.Maybe she changed her name.But there's no one in therethat even resembles her.Could she have hadplastic surgery?I mean, if she did,how would I...Wait a minute.There was this one girl.But I forget her name.Everyone made fun of her.She was shy and plain-looking,nothing like...That's her.Sarah Birch.Why, Lexi?It's not, Lexi, actually.It's Sarah Birch.Sound familiar?Sacred Heart?I know. I looked a lot differentback then.But, Jordan...we were so in love.I loved you.You were in love with me.Or at least that's how it felt,anyway.Do you remember when, uh...you picked up my books for mewhen you were walking me home?No.Yeah, I knew.I knew from that momentthat what we hadwas something special,even if you didn't sayanything to me.Our love was the only thingthat kept me going.You're delusional.Veronica.Yes. Veronica.She... stole you from me.I saw you.Premarital sex?In a school that was partof the church?Turns out she was always sucha sanctimonious hypocrite...even back then.Stop, stop, stop, stop, Lexi.It's Sarah.Sarah!What are you up to, V.?Just a little detective work.Bingo.She inherited a house from hermother's sister when she died.Do you remember my mother?She worked in the cafeteria.She cleaned toilets at nightjust so I could goto your fancy school.After she died...they kicked me out.They asked you.They... asked youif they could usesome of the moneyfrom the scholarship fundthat youcreatedto pay for the restof my education.You said no.Because I was fromthe wrong side of the tracks,and you thought it madethe school look bad.I...I changed my name.I...I found my way into her life,and I waited.I waitedon God's perfect timing,and He... He answered my prayers.Weapon.Dad!Dad, can you...Come on. No, please, don't!I'll stop itif you throw that aside.Better?You killed Jordan?He was in on it.I mean... he didn't knowthe whole story.But let's just saythe whole ménage à troiswas not the first time that himand I have been... intimate.God, I love itwhen you're feisty.This is for stealing Jordanfrom me at Sacred Heart,and this is for your fatherkicking me out of school!Goodbye, Wayne.Lexi, wait.Do you remember our first kiss?I... I do.You're a terrible kisser.Dad.Oh. Veronica.Oh.Get your feet. Come on.Thank you so muchfor not listening to me.You know,for calling the police.What are best friends for?Here.Cheers... to beingon the other sideof... all of it.Why does the other sidefeel so empty?'Cause Jordan wasn't the manyou thought he was.I know it's a lot to processright now.But it will get easier.- Promise?- Absolutely.Little by little, day by day.- You know what?- What?I think you're right.Of course I am.