foodval.com - stop by if you're interested in the nutritional composition of food  --- 
        Good morning, America.It's now 12 noonin Salamanca, Spain.In a short time, world leadersfrom over 150 countries...... meet here in Plaza Mayor...... to sign up to President Ashton'sbold new counterterrorist strategy.Since 9/11, more than 4500 peoplehave been killed...... in the rising tide of global terror.Those lives will notsoon be forgotten...... as today, the world comes togetherto take a stand against this violence.We may be on the brinkof a historic agreement...... between Westernand Arab leaders.



Security services are on high alertin Salamanca...... where we go live to our news teamand our reporter Angie Jones.Five, four, three, two...I am standing inside Plaza Mayorin Salamanca, Spain......where crowds have lined upfor the kickoff of...... what is without questiona landmark summit.For months,President Ashton's been working...... with leadersfrom five continents...... to forge a new groundbreakingalliance in the ongoing war on terror.And now here, today...... Western and Arab leaderswill meet for the first time...... to formalize this new coalition......designed to once and for all......put a strangleholdon international terrorism.



- Bring him up.- Cue Mark.- Tell us, Angie, what's the mood like?- For the most part, hopeful.Everyone here is verysympathetic to those...... who lost loved onesin the recent bombing.I did, however, speak to delegates...What's she doing?... both of whom took a hard line,suggesting that U.S. Foreign policy...Kevin, shut her down.... has to bear some responsibilityfor the recent events.Thanks, Angie.You'll have to keep us informed.- What the hell was that?- Not everyone loves us, Rex.Why don't you leave the punditryto someone paid to have an opinion?I'm cool with censorship.I know the American people love that.- Come on, Angie. Lighten up.- Got it.- Gallery.- Pass me over.- Bruce.- Yes.- What was that? Stick to the script.- I told her. Wanna tell her?- Fine.- That's fine.- Who is the clown on two?- Two is Luis.Camera two, are you gonna move?We're here for the summit,not the sideshow.Man, it's like traininga freaking dog.Okay, everybody,the president is about to arrive.When he does, we're on him.Let's get our ducks in a row.Three, wider.Four, stay where you are.Kevin, keep it moving.I'm dying here.Camera five,give me the motorcade.Number seven, concentrate.I wanna go close on the president.All right, sir.That's good.Tighten up, five. Good.- Isn't that...?- It's Thomas Barnes.Why didn't we know he was here?Shit, Grace. We should've had this.Yeah, I don't...- Kevin, pull the archives.- Pull the archives, please.The president's approachingthe plaza. All cameras ready.Angie, we're back in 20.And remember, we're herefor the summit, not the sideshow.- There are other stories.- I don't give a shit.Unless the protesters set themselveson fire, they're not our story.- Kevin, you got it?- Yeah.Check this out.This was only last year.I can't believe he's back already.If we're the only oneswho have this...He won't talk. A year ago we had Hill,we had that guy who saved Reagan.- McCarthy.- All of them.A hero piece.Barnes wanted nothing to do with it.That was then.It's a shame. It would've made a greatside story. We've no time to work it in.That was then, this is now,okay, guys? We've got our story.Okay, cue graphics.Camera five, give me a single.- Here comes the mayor.- Three, four, ready at the podium.Three, wide. Four, in close. Start withthe leaders and end with the mayor.- Thank you so much for being here.- Three, pull back.Yes. Camera six, get ready.We're coming to you.Good. That's good.- Two, give me crowds.- De Soto speech ending in one minute.Camera five, give me something elseto work with. That's good.Angie, when this is over,I want a 15-second fill to wrap it up.- Keep it simple.- You mean dumb it down?Get off it, Angie. Come on.She's unbelievable.I offer you my city...The mayor's done in five.Ready with the graphics.This summit could be thedefining moment of his presidency.Pull out, four, three...Oh, my God.The president appearsto have been shot.- Shit.- I heard two shots...- ... and the president fell.- Who's that guy?What's he doing?Okay, five, stay with that guy.Everyone else, give me Ashton.Three, stick with the president.Just stay with him.That's good. Just stay with him.Stay with him. Hold it there.This is insane.Yeah, yeah. I'm coming back.- Camera three, do better.- They're not letting me through.Don't give me this bullshit.Figure it out.Okay, you got him?- What was that?- There appears to be an explosion...Camera four, turn around.Find out what that was.Kevin, get playback going. We haveto uplink everything we've got.- Bruce.- Uplink VTs 1 through 7 on my monitor.Okay, Angie, you're on. Let's go.We're live, Angie. This is it. Go.I need a minute, Rex. All right?Shit. Get Mark to stretch.I know this is tough, okay?I know that.We need you to tell uswhat's going on.- Okay.- Focus, okay?Angie? Please, tell uswhat you're seeing.- Deep breath. Go.- The president of the United States...... has been shot.There have been several gunshots.It appears there was also a bombthat went off outside the plaza.There are people running scared...Oh, shit!Mark?Mark, you gotta fill.It seems that a huge bomb...Oh, my God. Angie! Angie!At the moment,smoke from the explosion...... mercifully covers the extentof the human carnage.There must be many people deadand injured.- Angie.- This truly is terrible.Come on, kiddo, get up.Get up.Kevin, pull the feed.Turn it off!Good morning, America.It's now 12 noonin Salamanca, Spain.In a short time, world leadersfrom over 150 countries...It's time.- Plaza Mayor to sign upto President Ashton's...... bold newcounterterrorist strategy.Since 9/11,more than 4500 people...... have been killedin the rising tide of global terror.Those lives will notsoon be forgotten, as today...... the world comes togetherto take a stand against this violence.We may be on the brinkof a historic agreement...... between Westernand Arab leaders.Security servicesare on high alert...All teams, this is Control.- Motorcade one minute to landing.- Copy.- Level 4B, clear.- Roger, Control.- It was before he lost it.- Come on.- Guy had a nervous breakdown.- Six months ago.He's not that guy anymore.Give him a break.What are the chances he freaks outthe minute we walk?I'd put it at fifty-fifty.We doing this?Mr. President.All teams, this is Control.Eagle is on the move.Tell us, Angie,what's the mood there?For the most part, hopeful.Everyone hereis very sympathetic to those...... who lost loved onesin the recent bombing.Thanks.For what?For getting me back out here.Don't thank me yet.Mr. President?Here we go.All right, sir.What a beautiful baby.Thank you.Thank you so much.It's a wonderful day.Hey! Drop it.Not now.- Michael team's go for count off.- All clear from above.- And south?- Yeah. Here too.President Henry Ashton.Welcome. Thank you so muchfor being here.This is a wondrous day.Today, we make history.Se?or Presidente, fellow membersof the European Union......our friends from Africa,Middle East......President Ashton,citizens of the world......it is with great pleasurethat I invite you all to our humble city.And it is with a sad heart......that we must meet in mourning......for those who lost loved onesin the recent bombings.Back annex, the buildingshould have been cleared.Copy. It's clear.I've got a flutter on the second floor.Seventh window from the left.- Copy. We'll check again.- The hopes of the world......are with us.Let us not disappoint them.For we cannot today......or ever, let the specter of evil......overcome the hopeof a better tomorrow.It's just a fan that's been left on.We got it.Therefore, I offer you my city,my heart and my hope.Barnes!Barnes!- Barnes!- Eagle's down!Repeat, Eagle's down!Got a GSW. Repeat, GSW.- Get him out of here!- Move! Move!Move him! Go! Go, go, go!Pick him up! One, two, three.You got him?Find that shooter.Control, I want a perimeterset a half block out.Sweep the buildingsalong the back annex.No one goes in or outwithout our go.- Okay, you got him?- Veronica!- Control.- Do something!Come in, Control!I need a 20 on POTUS.Control. Come in, Control. Damn it!- Listen to me!- I said back up! Hey, shut up!Listen! We are in danger.We gotta get out of here!Now, get up! I said get up!- Let me have him.- Let me go.Barnes.Why'd you run for the president?Why did you run for the president?- Barnes, we're handling this.- I hear bang.- I protect the mayor. It's my job!- You got there pretty fast.- Barnes, he's a cop.- I don't care, he knows something!Get him out of here! Get him out.Don't release him!I've been set up!You got the wrong person!Control. Control, come in.There's no response from Control.I just spoke with them.POTUS is secure.Till we find that shooter,we're shutting the city down.This never should've happened.Except that it did.And it happened on our watch.I can't live with that.We gotta find him.- Sir, we need your camera.- Sure.- Where's the zoom?- It's that right here.Right there.That's where the flutter was.But the shot was up and to the left.Wait, you saw the shooter?No. But I saw something.Like a flash of light.- I saw a man in that room, sir.- I'll check it out.- I'm coming with you.- No! No.If you're wrong, let me take the heat.Sir, did you film this entire thing?- Yes.- Show me.I think I got the shooter on tape.Wait, go forward.Oh, my God. Oh, my God!There's a bomb at the podium!There's a bomb at the podium!Everybody get down!This never should've happened.Find that shooter.Flash of light.Find that shooter.He just walked. He just walked.Medic! We need a medic here!Barnes.We're gonna get yousome help, buddy.Barnes? Barnes.Anna?Hey! Hey, stop him! Stop him!Stop! Stop!Hey, freeze!Secret Service.I need to see your tapes.Yeah. Kevin.I need to see any footage you haveof the back part of the plaza.- We need footage of the plaza.- How much do you need?Just give me everything.Can you hear me?Camera three, can you hear me?Just play it back from there.Yeah.- Barnes, you were right.- About what?About the shooter. I'm in pursuit,leaving the back annex, heading west.Repeat, heading west.- Did you call it in?- No. No, I need you to.- I got it. Go.- Camera seven.Camera seven. This is Grace,can you hear me?- Camera seven, can you hear me?- Control? Come in, Control.Control, come in.- I need you to tell us...- Damn it.Okay. We need you to tell uswhere you are.This is Agent Barnes. Control is down.My partner is in pursuit of a suspect.We need immediate assistancejust outside the back annex.Grace, they have a suspect.Headed west on the surface streets.- West.- Do you copy?Camera six, if you can hear me,turn around and go west.Camera six, if you can hear me,turn around and go west.Backup is on its...What?Barnes, what is it?Rewind that.Six? Six, did you get all that?Stop.Oh, my God.What? What? What did he see?Next.Police, I work for the mayor.Are you armed?Are you armed?Yes.Okay, I'll turn it off. Go through.I'll be at the underpass.You have a glow about you.It's the heat.The heat?What have you been doing?Nothing.Taking in the crowd.Some more than others?I saw you just now.- You saw nothing.- It didn't look like nothing.You don't have to worry about him,I promise.Enrique.You're the one that I want,there is no one else.How many ways do I need to say it?When you've finished here we'll goaway together, just you and me.I love you.Did you remember to bring my bag?Thank you.- I love you.- I love you.Ladies and gentlemen,the president of the United States:President Henry Ashton.Mr. Mayor, this is a great day.It's an honor to be here.Welcome. Thank you so muchfor being here.This is a wondrous day.Today, we make history.I'll be at the underpass.You don't have to worry about him,I promise.You're the one that I want,there is no one else.When you've finished here we'll goaway together, just you and me.- My heart and my hope.Get him out of here!Let's go, move it! Let's go!- Get moving!- Let me go! I work for the mayor!- Shut up and move!- Let me go!Hey. Who are you?Let's go. Who are you?Look at me! Look!Hey! Who are you?Who are you? Who are you?Look at me, look at me! Look at me!Answer the goddamn question.Why did you run?Answer the question.Veronica!- Veronica! Veronica!- Hey, calm down!We have to go!We are all in danger!We have to go!She threw something!Gun. It's loaded.- Back up, I said!- Listen! He's telling the truth!- Listen!- Shut up! Just shut up!My badge is here.- Listen. We have to go.- He has a badge.Calm down! You on duty?I work for the mayor.Listen to me! We are in danger!We gotta get out of here!We have to go!Why'd you run for the president?Why did you run for the president?I hear bang. I go to protect the mayor.It's my job.- You got there pretty fast.- He's a cop.- I don't care, he knows something!- Get him out of here!I've been set up!You got the wrong person!Do not release him!Medic! We need a medic here!Holden.Hey! Stop him! Stop!Hey! Stop him!Hey, freeze!Out of the way! Out of the way!Freeze! Stop! I said freeze!Damn it!Get out the way! Get out the way!Stop him! Stop him!Someone stop him!I'll be at the underpass.Stop!Get down! Get down!Move!Let's go!Move! Move!Out the way. Out the way!Get out of the way! Police!Out of the way!Shit.Out the way!Surprised to see me alive?It's amazing.Hello.- Hello, how are you?- Okay.Excuse me.What are you seeing?- Speak English.- I try.I'm just watchingall the people up there.Hi. My name is Sam.Nice to meet you.Howard Lewis.Nice to meet you too.- American?- Yeah.- What brings you here?- Just looking for a little excitement.- First time, huh?- Europe? Yeah.Yeah, it just felt like it wasthe right time. What about you?I go where the moment takes me.That must be nice. No family, right?No.None that I know of.Things change whenyou got kids running around.Are yours with you?No, they're with their mother. We'regoing through a bad patch right now.I needed to get away fora little while, give us some space.- I'm sorry, I'm sorry.- It's fine, it's fine.I think it's my cue.Yeah. It's nice to meet you.Nice to meet you too. Best of luck.Yeah. To you too.What's your name?- Hey, tell him your name.- Anna.That's a pretty name.You look about the same ageas my son, Nathan.Can I buy her another cone?- No, no, no, it's okay. Thank you.- No, really, really.No, no, it's okay.- Please, Mom?- That's enough, I said no.Anna?I'm sorry.Ladies and gentlemen,the president of the United States:President Henry Ashton.Welcome. Thank you so muchfor being here.This is a wondrous day.Today we make history.It is with great pleasure thatI invite you all to our humble city.The hopes of the world are with us.We must come together......on this day......in this renowned place......to band together for peace.I don't think he's supposed to beup there. What's he doing?Therefore, I offer you my city,my heart and my hope.What's he doing up there?Get him!Eagle's down, Eagle's down!We got a GSW. Repeat, GSW.We gotta leave right now.Get him out of here!Get him out of here!Let's go! Move him!Go! Go, go, go!- One, two, three.- You got him?- Let me go!- Move!Shut up! Move it!- Let me go!- What were you doing up there?Hey! Answer the goddamn question.Veronica!Veronica!We have to go!Please! Listen to me!We have to go!Hey. Step away, sir.- She threw something.- Gun. It's loaded.- Hey! Back up, sir!- Listen to me! He's telling the truth.Veronica. Veronica!Anna! Anna!Hi, leave a message.Pam. It's me.Probably waking you up, it's just...You'll see on the news when youwake up that the president's been shot.He was here in Spain, and I thinkI just saw the guy who did it.Look, look. I'm all right, all right?I just want you to let the kids knowthat I'm fine......and that I love themvery much and...Oh, man. I can't believewhat I just saw.And I think I got it all on tape.I don't know what to do,but the right...Sir, we need your camera.- Sure.- Where's the zoom?Press this button right there.Yeah. That's...That's where the flutter was.But the shot was up to the left.- You saw the shooter?- I saw something, like a flash of light.Right there. There was somethingin that window right there.- I saw a man in that room, sir.- I'll go check it out.- I'm coming with you.- No! No.If you're wrong, let me take the heat.- Sir, did you film this entire thing?- Yes, I did.Show me.I think I got the shooter on tape.Wait, go forward.Oh, my God. Oh, my God.There's a bomb at the podium!Medic! We need a medic here!Anna?Anna!Where's your mother?Where is she?Everybody evacuatethe plaza, okay?- Come with me.- Okay.I gotta get you somewhere safe,then we'll find your mother.Someone stop him!Hold it!Are you okay?Hey! Hey! Get out the way!Stop him! Get out the way!Stop him!Anyone, stop him!Help us! Someone help!Excuse me. Excuse me.I need your help.I need you to watch her. Her mother'sgone, I don't know where she is.She'll be safe with me.I'm gonna be right back.I'm gonna be right back.I've got to help the police.Just stay with this ladyand I'll be back. I promise.I'll be right back, okay?I'll be right back.Don't worry, we'll find your mom,don't cry.Stop! Get out the way.Hold it! Stop!Stop! Freeze!Out of the way! Freeze!Stop him!Move! Move, move, move!Move! Quick!Turn left, I got right!Move!He's a cop.He's a cop.Freeze!He shot him. He shot him.Anna. Anna.Anna!Anna!When do we thinkthe changes will be ready?It's not like I have to makea speech now.I could just wing it. How much troublecould I really get myself into?Thanks. Nice to knowwe both know my limitations.- We're stopping?- Yes, sir.Rick, I'll call you back.The NSA's just confirmed the threat.- Control, handoff complete.- Roger, point man.Where's Phil?The hotel.He's on with the Joint Chiefs.He's sending the double, isn't he?Yeah.We're moving POTUS to the hotel.Control, we've N.D.'d the car.POTUS is returning.We issue a statement that we'redeferring to Prime Minister Gutierrez...Deferring, that's great.Control, E TA to castleis two minutes.Today of all days.Christ.Sir, we've used doublessince Reagan.That was for photo ops.Not for anything this big.Control, we have PO TUSand we are moving to the castle.Eagle has arrived at the plaza.Control, we have PO TUSand are entering the castle.- Sir.- Talk to me, Phil.NSA called it five minutes ago.It's real.And the summit? You're notthinking of pulling out entirely?Why would we?Do we know who's behind this?A local group with a vague connectionto the Mujahedin Brigade.- Why issue the threat now?- U.S. Special Forces......uncovered a plot to smugglea bomb out of Morocco.We took their bomb and their men,and this may be their retaliation.You think trying to kill meis a retaliation.POTUS is moving.Safe for Eagle to exit vehicle.Copy that.This is them?That's Benwar Suarez. As nearas we can tell, he leads the group.And what do we know about him?He's from Morocco,educated in Paris.He went off the map for awhile,but he surfaced in Beirut, Darfur.Couple days ago we intercepted ane-mail between members of his group.Embedded in it were links to maps,blueprints of the area.It was this morningthat we received the threat.The Joint Chiefs,what do they recommend?That we go after their leadership.Here in Spain?Morocco.We have a satellite lockon one of their camps there.You want me to call in a strikeon a friendly Arab nation?They're harboring terrorists.- And this intel, we're certain...?- Absolutely.Control, we're clear on seven.Why not focus on the oneswho are here actually doing this?This summit is too important.But we're looking for five peopleout of 6 million. We are trying.Try harder.Ladies and gentlemen,the president of the United States:President Henry Ashton.A wonderful day. Some words now.Welcome.This is a wondrous day.Today, we make history.- He doesn't even look like me.- Se?or Presidente...... fellow membersof the European Union...... President Ashton...... and citizens of the world...... it is with great pleasure thatI invite you all to our humble city.Is that Thomas?Yes, sir.I thought he was still inactive.He was.Well, if he's back,why isn't he with me?We weren't sure if he was ready.- You sent him out there.- We need someone to sell the double.Sell? He took a bullet for me, Phil.And look at him.He hasn't stoppedpunishing himself since.I liked him every bitas much as you did.But we needed to knowwe could count on him again.So you threw him out thereto see if he could?That's how we treatour friends now?Therefore...... I offer you my city,my heart and my hope.This summit could very well be thedefining moment of his presidency.Jesus!The president appearsto have been shot.I heard two shots,and the president fell.Get the Joint Chiefs on the line now.Admiral Houston, it's McCullough.Have you seen the situation?The president is secure.Get him out of here!How long do we have to getthe birds in the air?So you're ready to strike now?Mr. President.Sir.Mr. President.The Chiefs have a satellite lockon their village. They're ready.Sir?Ted?- There's an issue of when we can go.- We go now.You can't give the order.You've been shot.We go now, we risk telling the worldthat you weren't there.We weren't there, Ted.Get the vice president to do it.No, we are not going nearthe 25th Amendment.Tell Rick to work up a storyI was shot, but I'm okay.That's not gonna fly.If we have to go to some hospitaland put on a show, we do it.- We have to talk...- I'm done talking!Christ!Sir, we gotta go now.We have to attack.Sir?Cavic, find out what'sgoing on down there.Mr. President, please step awayfrom the glass.- Cavic to Control.- Mr. President.Tell them to stand down.Sir, we have to respond!Bombing a camp in Morocco willblow this summit out of the water.That is what the peoplebehind this want me to do.Mr. President,we have to act strong.No, we have to be strong.They sent us a warningbecause they want us to react.They know our playbook.They're banking on us doingwhat we always do. We will hit back.We have the world's sympathyright now.Let's honor that. Let's finishwhat we came here to do.Okay, copy that.Everything is being preparedto transport the president.We need to get the presidentto Air Force One now.I'm done hiding.This is the president, is my wife there?- We have to be better than this.- Sir.- Yeah, get Air Force One ready...- Kay, it's me.No, we're fine here. We're safe.Good morning, America. It's now12 noon in Salamanca, Spain.In a short time, world leadersfrom over 150 countries...... meet here in Plaza Mayor...You like it?Thank you.All right, then. Let's eat and walk?Security services are on high alerthere in Salamanca.We go live to our news team on theground and our reporter Angie Jones.I am standing inside Plaza Mayorin Salamanca, Spain.I thought you'd want it for luck.I want to know he's okay.This was taken 15 minutes ago.You would find that we aretaking good care of your brother...What have you done to him?He's still in one piece.You should be happy about that.Do what you're supposed to doand your brother will be fine.If you fail, then this would be the lastthing you have to remember him by...You look out for yourself.I'll be at the underpass.Luis, stick with the protestors.We never see this side of the story.Are you gonna move or what?I've got her lecturing me now.We're here for the conferencenot the sideshow.Is everything going to plan?To the last detail.And the president?Are you sure they sent a double?The beauty of American arrogance......is that they cannot imagine a worldwhere they're not a step ahead.Has the package arrived?- As we speak.- Perfect.Javier will be by.Understood.Felipe.You will make us very proud.Control, we have PO TUSand are entering the castle.Copy that.Eagle has arrived at the plaza.- Javier.- Yeah.Are you in position?- I'm on my way.- Good.For the moment, the Americans thinkthey've dodged a bullet. Do not be late.- Don't worry about me.- I won't.Your brother spoke very highlyof your Special Forces training.Do not disappoint him.You just make sure my brotherwill be at the underpass.How's our boy doing?Are we go?Good day.Good day, sir.Control, we have an activecrossing the lobby.- Honey, I'm coming up to the room.- He's clear. Area secure.What are you seeing?- I'm sorry, I'm sorry.- It's fine, it's fine.I think it's my cue.Yeah. It's nice to meet you.- Best of luck.- All right. To you too.Se?or Presidente......fellow membersof the European Union......our friends from Africa,Middle East...Let's make ourselves a shooter....President Ashton,citizens of the world......it is with great pleasurethat I invite you all to our humble city.And it is with a sad heart......that we must meet in mourning......for those who lost loved onesin the recent bombings.- That should keep him occupied.- Today, we stand together......and what we achieve herewill be remembered forever.- Crowd detail, hostile check.- All clear from above.- Javier. Are you good to go?- This is Control. Keep us updated.We must come togetheron this day......in this renowned place......to band together for peace.Therefore......I offer you my city, my heartand my hope.We gotta get Eagle out now.Eagle's down! Eagle's down!We got a GSW!Let's go, move it! Move it!- control of the buildingalong the back...- Control room cleared.- Do you have the frequency?Four, one, nine, one, zero.No one goes in or outwithout our go.Control. Come in, Control.I need a 20 on PO TUS.Control. Come in, Control.- Move it! Go!- Control!Take care of him.Let's go.Control?Come in, Control.Control, are you there?This is Control. We have agents down.I repeat, agents down.We have a situation at the frontrequiring immediate backup.Copy, Control.Coming to the lobby to assist.ETA, 30 seconds.Come on, guys. Move, move, move!What's the status on level seven?Blue team's clear on seven.Get Air Force One ready and senda chopper. We can get out of here.No, we're fine. We're safe.Get up! Get up!Multiple casualties.Repeat, multiple casualties.Hey.We need your help. Now.Come on. He's over here.We've done everything we can.He's got no pulse.Secret Service.- I need to see your tapes.- Yeah.I need to see any footageof the back of the plaza.We need footageof the back of the plaza.Again.Two. Again.- Washington, this is Agent Barnes.- Go ahead.Control is down. My partneris in pursuit of a suspect.We need immediate assistanceoutside the back annex.- Give me a heading.- They have a suspect.Headed west on surface streets.Do you copy?West, copy that.Camera six, if you can hear me,turn around and go west.Backup is on its...What? Barnes, what is it?Barnes.Oh, my God.- I'm coming with you.- No.If you're wrong, let me take the heat.- Barnes, you were right.- About what?About the shooter. I'm in pursuit,leaving the back annex, heading west.What?Barnes, what is it?Barnes.Hey!Secret Service, get out of the car.Get... Get out of the car.- Washington.- This is Barnes.Look, I know how this is gonna sound,but Agent Taylor has gone rogue.Call the other agents back.I know I made the call,but there's something else going on.- Barnes.- Control is compromised.- All agents are heading west.- Listen to me! Damn it!Goddamn it!Let him go.What are you talking about?My brother. I've done my part.Now you let him go.Put the gun down.Make the call. Or I pull the trigger,and your plan's finished.Again.Again.Go ahead.Do it.Do it and your brother is dead.Can you live with that? Knowing thatyour brother died because of you?Javier, listen to me.He's going to be deliveredat the underpass.Don't mess it up now.You'll get your brother back.Nothing...Nothing had better happen to him.Nothing will.Shit.Washington.This is Barnes. I've lost Agent Taylor.I need a GPS location on his cellular.Copy that.Hold him. Hold him.Thank you, he's gonna be all right.Veronica.I'm here.We did it.Not yet.- Yeah.- Barnes, PO TUS has been abducted.Present location unknown.No signal from Taylor's phone.It's imperative we locateand apprehend Taylor.Son of a bitch.He fell down.Leave him.It's me.They bought it.What about Barnes?He took the bait.He's pissing in the wind.He's created a manhuntfor a shooter that doesn't exist.Have you got Javier?We may need him later.I'm on my way.I thought he wassupposed to be dead.We need to tie upall of the loose ends.Who's a loose end?You are.Give me the keys!You're late.Let's go, let's go!Relax.We've pulled it off.This is Agent Barnes.I've located Taylor.He's driving a Salamanca policevehicle, registration Sierra-073654.At present heading south,repeat, south, on Calle de San Pablo.That looks bad.We've waited too long for this.Thank God this double lifeis almost over.Just get me to my brother.Christ. It's Barnes.Got company.It's Barnes.Can you lose him?I'm working on it.Come on, come on, come on!Just relax.Oh, shit. Shit, shit!Shit.Shit!Have you lost him?I'm still working on it.Well, until you do, stay clearof the rendezvous. All right?No. We're going tothe underpass now.- You heard what he said.- I'm picking up my brother.Are you out of your mind?I've worked too hard.Either you're coming with,or I drive myself. You choose.Shit!Oh, shit!Shit! Get him off my ass.Look out!Happy?Just drive.Where's my brother?Surprised to see me alive?- Where's Veronica?- Veronica said...I don't care. You both tried to kill...- Where's my brother?- What brother?Where's my brother?Looks like we've both been set up.Anna. Anna.Come on, let's go!Where is he?Where is he?Back off.Let's go, let's go! Come on!I won't ask you again.Where's my brother?Go to hell.Freeze!Give me my brother!He's dead.Goddamn you!You used me.I trusted you, you son of a bitch.Who's got POTUS?You're too late, Tom.Why the fuck did you do this?You can't stop us.You'll never stop it.This war will never end.Kent.Kent. Kent, what have you done?Kent, who's got the president?Kent!Stop him.Get him under control. Stop him!Anna!Anna!Anna!No! Don't kill him!Look out!Anna!Anna!Jesus Christ.- Anna! Anna!- Oh, my God.Are you all right?Oh, my God. Mr. President?Barnes? Is that you?Mr. President.I've got you.- Can you sit up?- Yeah.Are you injured?Yeah.It's not important.This is Agent Thomas Barnes.POTUS is in hand.I repeat, POTUS is in hand.We need a pickupseven blocks east of the plaza.Thank you.- Thank you.- No problem.Bye, Anna, bye.- Hello?- Oh, thank God.- Howard, are you okay? Are you hurt?- No, I'm...- Are you sure? Are you okay?- I'm all right.We were watching the news.We got your message. You're all right?- Yeah.- Because we were so worried.- I'm fine.- Are you sure?The kids have been really concernedabout you. Nate wants to talk to you.I'm so glad you're okay.- All right, put him on the phone for me.- Okay, all right, hold on.Here's your daddy, Nate.He's okay.Nate. That you?Hi, Dad.How you doing, buddy?I'm okay. I'm fine.Don't you worry about anything.- Will you be coming back?- Yeah.Tell your mom that I'm coming homeright now. I love you guys.Back off, sir. Back off.Thank you, Thomas.You're welcome, sir.Reports out of Salamancanow suggest...... that the presidentis out of intensive care.His condition is listed as stable.President Ashtonhas made a point...... of reassuring Americansthat he's all right...... and the summit will continuein the days to come.Meanwhile, word from Spanishand United States authorities......is that they've shot and killed the loneassassin responsible for today's attack.Our own Joan Kendrick has more.